29-Aug-2020 (05:41:32.200850).
—Arthur Schopenhauer Mastering The 50th Law (with 50 Cent) The 33 Strategies of War (a Joost Elffers Production) The Art of Seduction (a Joost Elffers Production) VIKING An imprint of Penguin Random House LLC 375 Hudson Street New York, New York 10014 penguinrandomhouse.com Copyright  ⁇  2018 by Robert Greene Penguin supports copyright.. For instance, we suddenly say something that offends our boss or colleague or friend—we are not quite sure where it came from, but we are frustrated to find that some anger and tension from within has leaked out in a way that we regret.
We might latch onto some simple explanations: “That person is evil, a sociopath” or “Something came over me; I wasn’t myself.” But such pat descriptions do not lead to any understanding or prevent the same patterns from recurring.
What if we could truly fathom why people suddenly behave irrationally and reveal a much darker side to their character, or why they are always ready to provide.
Human nature stems from the particular wiring of our brains, the configuration of our nervous system, and the way we humans process emotions, all of which developed and emerged over the course of the five million years or so of our evolution as a species.
We can ascribe many of the details of our nature to the distinct way we evolved as a social animal to ensure our survival—learning to cooperate with others, coordinating our actions with the group on a high level, creating novel forms of communication and ways of maintaining group discipline.. We can also include in this the works of certain philosophers (Arthur Schopenhauer, Friedrich Nietzsche, José Ortega y Gasset) who have illuminated so many aspects of human nature, as well as the insights of many novelists (George Eliot, Henry James, Ralph Ellison), who are often the most sensitive to the unseen parts of our behavior.
This book is an attempt to gather together this immense storehouse of knowledge and ideas from different branches (see the bibliography for the key sources), to piece together an accurate and instructive guide to human nature, basing itself on the evidence, not on particular viewpoints or moral judgments.
Each chapter has the story of.
Second, the Laws will make you a master interpreter of the cues that people continually emit, giving you a much greater ability to judge their character.
The ability to gauge people’s true worth, their degree of loyalty and conscientiousness, is one of the most important skills you can possess, helping you avoid the bad hires, partnerships, and relationships that can make your life miserable..
The Laws will instruct you how to bring out the essence of your self-righteous tendencies, realizing you’re not superior to others in the way you had imagined.
The Laws will instruct you how to bring out the essence of your self-righteous tendencies, realizing you’re not superior to others in the way you had imagined.. —Anton Chekhov 1 Master Your Emotional Self The Law of Irrationality You like to imagine yourself in control of your fate, consciously planning the course of your life as best you can.
The Inner Athena One day toward the end of the year 432 BC, the citizens of Athens received some very disturbing news: representatives from the city-state of Sparta had arrived in town and presented to the Athenian governing council new terms of peace.
The Inner Athena One day toward the end of the year 432 BC, the citizens of Athens received some very disturbing news: representatives from the city-state of Sparta had arrived in town and presented to the Athenian.
What Pericles did with the growing surplus of money startled and amazed the Athenians: instead of using it to buy political favors, he initiated a massive public building project in Athens.
But Pericles remained in power year after year, decade after decade, putting his total stamp on the city in his quiet, unobtrusive way.
The Athenians will not be deterred by the Spartans’ strategy as long as they will not enter a war with their own allies; they will not use their own tactics to lure Athenians into the fray.
The Athenians will not be deterred by the Spartans’ strategy as long as they will not enter a war with their.
In the first year of the war, an unexpected disaster upended everything: a powerful plague entered the city; with so many people packed within the walls it spread quickly, killing over one third of the Athenian army and decimating the ranks of the army.
In the first year of the war, an unexpected disaster upended everything: a powerful plague entered the city; with so many people packed within the walls it spread quickly, killing over one third of the Athenian army and decimating the ranks of the army.. * * * • • • Interpretation: As Pericles surveyed the political scene early in his career, he noticed the following phenomenon: Every Athenian political figure believed he was rational, had realistic goals, and plans on how to get there.
It led to Athens, where he looked closely at his own emotions, and saw that they were not justified in the moment, his wisdom long forgotten.
And for those purposes they could be very tactical and clever, but none of their maneuvers led to anything that lasted or served the overall interests of the democracy.
And for Pericles it would be nous, the ancient Greek word for “mind” or “intelligence.
The voice of Athena simply stands for a higher power that exists within you right now, a potential you have perhaps felt in moments of calmness and focus, the perfect idea coming to you after much thinking.
Emotions tend to narrow the mind, making us focus on one or two ideas that satisfy our immediate desire for power or attention, ideas that usually backfire.
If you want to become a rational person, you need to learn to think for yourself..
If people had longer memories, they could think back to the bubble of 1987; if they read history, the stock market bubble and crash of 1929.
Instead of coming to terms with the orgy of speculation that had overwhelmed one and all, making smart people look like idiots, fingers were pointed at outside forces, anything to deflect the real source of the madness.. For instance, we feel anger at person X, whereas in fact the true source of this may be envy; below the level of conscious awareness we feel inferior in relation to X and want something he or she has.
For instance, we feel anger at person X, whereas in fact the true source of this may be envy; below the level of conscious awareness we feel inferior in relation to X and want something he or she has.. Irrational people reveal in their lives negative patterns—mistakes that keep repeating, unnecessary conflicts that follow them wherever they go, dreams and projects that are never realized, anger and desires for change that are never translated into concrete action.
We can also see the difference between a rational and irrational person in particular situations, when it comes to calculating long-term effects and seeing what truly matters.
Irrational types will decide based on how much money they can immediately make, what they feel they deserve in life (sometimes very little), how much they can slack off on the job, or how much attention the position might bring them..
If you believe that you are somehow immune to any of the following biases, it is simply an example of the pleasure principle in action.
If you believe that you are somehow immune to any of the following biases, it is simply an example of the pleasure principle in action..
If someone is on the right or the left, their opinions will almost always follow the same direction on dozens of issues, as if by magic, and yet few would ever admit this influence on their thought patterns.
In fact, we’ll easily believe that those in the other political party do not come to their opinions based on rational principles, but those on our side have done so.
In fact, we’ll easily believe that those in the other political party do not come to their opinions based on rational principles, but those on our side have done so..
It could be love—desperately searching to re-create a close parental or sibling relationship in the present, triggered by someone who vaguely reminds us of the lost paradise.
It could be love—desperately searching to re-create a close parental or sibling relationship in the present, triggered by someone who vaguely reminds us of the lost paradise.. Inflaming Individuals There are people in the world who by their nature tend to trigger powerful emotions in almost everyone they encounter.
They inevitably try to cast a larger-than-life image, a mythic, intimidating quality; but in fact they are all too human, full of the same insecurities and weaknesses we all possess.
They inevitably try to cast a larger-than-life image, a mythic, intimidating quality; but in fact they are all too human, full of the same insecurities and weaknesses we all possess..
Step Three: Strategies Toward Bringing Out the Rational Self Despite our pronounced irrational tendencies, two factors should give us all hope.
The Emotional Self thrives when you are aware of how it operates under the pressure of others, or when you are aware of how it operates under the pressure of others.
The Emotional Self thrives when you are aware of how it operates under the pressure of others, or when you are aware of how it operates under the pressure of others..
Consider this like resistance training—the longer you can resist reacting, the more mental space you have for actual reflection, and the stronger your mind will become.
He applied his training as a doctor to the human animal, his goal to understand what makes us so irrational, so unhappy, and so dangerous.
His approach in these cases was to imagine that each person, no matter how twisted the people you deal with, has a reason for what they’ve become, a logic that makes sense to them.
If you want to change the way you think about people, you have to change the way you think about yourself.
If you want to change.
—Friedrich Nietzsche 2 Transform Self-love into Empathy The Law of Narcissism We all naturally possess the most remarkable tool for connecting to people and attaining social power—empathy.
When cultivated and properly used, it can allow us to see into the moods and minds of others, giving us the power to anticipate people’s actions and gently lower their resistance.
—Friedrich Nietzsche 3 Transform Self-love into Empathy The Law of Narcissism We all naturally possess the most remarkable tool for connecting to people and attaining social power—empathy.
When cultivated and properly used, it can allow us to see into the moods and.
When we experience those inevitable moments when we are alone or not feeling appreciated, we can retreat to this self and soothe ourselves.
If we have moments of doubt and jealousy, our self-love raises us up, makes us feel worthy and even superior to others.
The result is that they have no self to retreat to, no foundation for self-esteem, and are completely dependent on the attention they can get from others to make them feel alive and worthy..
When it comes to other people in their lives, deep narcissists have an unusual relationship that is hard for us to understand.
Some highly talented deep narcissists (see stories starting on this page for examples) manage to find some redemption through their work, channeling their energies and getting the attention they crave through their accomplishments, although they tend to remain quite erratic and volatile.
This makes it hard to actually focus attention outward for long periods of time, and to deal with the impatience and anxiety that comes with work.. Not feeling continually insecure or wounded, not always needing to fish for attention, functional narcissists can turn their attention outward, into their work and into building relationships with people.
We also have to realize that narcissists in their earliest years tend to be more narcissistic than their closest friends, and they tend to spend more time outside of their own self-absorption than they do in their work.
They tend to hover closer to the top of the scale than they do to the bottom of the scale, and they tend to have a stronger sense of self-worth..
The empathic attitude: Empathy is more than anything a state of mind, a different way of relating to others.
The empathic attitude: Empathy is more than anything a state of mind, a different way of relating to others..
There is almost always an emotion behind any intention, and beyond their words, you are attuning yourself to what they want, their goals, which will also register physically in you if you pay attention.
This kind of empathy depends largely on mirror neurons—those neurons that fire in our brain when we watch someone do something, such as picking up an object, just as if we were doing it ourselves.
You can consciously use this power in trying to get into the emotions of others, either by literally mimicking their facial gestures or by conjuring up memories of similar experiences that stirred such emotions..
In order to make sure that you are really making progress and improving your ability to understand people on a deeper level, you need feedback.
In order to make sure that you are really making progress and improving your ability to understand people on a deeper level, you need feedback..
Comrades and you would have to know that Stalin’s wrath was to be expected, but you would also have to know that Stalin’s wrath was to be expected, but you would also have to know that Stalin’s wrath was to be expected, but you would also have to know that Stalin’s wrath was to be expected, but you would also have to know that Stalin’s wrath was to be expected, but you would also have to know that Stalin’s wrath was to be expected, but you would also have to know that Stalin’s wrath was to be expected, but you would also have to know that.
The narcissist was toward the end of the evening, when he would pull out the gramophone, play some music, and order the men to dance.
The only way they can mollify these insecurities and satisfy their ambition is by gaining from others more than the usual share of attention and validation, which can really only come through securing social power in either politics or business.
If you want to be a narcissist, you need to be able to control your emotions.
If you want to be a narcissist, you need to be able to control your emotions..
In 1627, the prioress of the Ursuline nuns in Loudun, France, welcomed into the house a new sister, Jeanne de Belciel (1606–1665).
In 1634, the prioress of the Ursuline nuns in Loudun, France, welcomed into the house a new sister, Jeanne de Belciel (1606–1665).
In 1634, the prioress of the Ursuline nuns in Loudun, France, welcomed into the house a new sister, Jeanne de Belciel (1606–1665).. • It is known that Jeanne possessed the most dramatic traits of the exorcists who inhabited her house: • It is now known that Jeanne possessed the most dramatic traits of the exorcists who inhabited her house: • It is now known that Jeanne possessed the most dramatic traits of the exorcists who inhabited her house: • It is now known that Jeanne possessed the most dramatic traits of the exorcists who inhabited her house: • It is now known that Jeanne possessed the most dramatic traits of the exorcists who inhabited her house: • It is now known that Jeanne possessed the most dramatic traits of the.
In 1862, several days before thirty-two-year-old Leo Tolstoy was to wed Sonya Behrsnor, only eighteen years old at the time, he suddenly decided that there should be no secrets between them.
In the end, he decided that he was going to write a book about his relationship with Sonya Behrsnor, and that he was going to write a book about his relationship with Anna Karenina.
In the end, he decided that he was going to write a book about his relationship with Anna Karenina..
He wrote her a letter in which he finished by saying, “You attribute what has happened to everything except the one thing, that you are the unwitting, unintentional cause of my sufferings.
He wrote her a letter in which he finished by saying, “You attribute what has happened to everything except the one thing, that you are the unwitting, unintentional cause of my sufferings.. To Sonya, raised in a conventional household, this was the act of a man who clearly regretted his marriage proposal; to Tolstoy, the iconoclastic artist, her reaction meant she was incapable of seeing into his soul, of trying to understand his desire for a new married life.
He could have simply explained his own side without demanding that she follow him, even expressing his understanding of her own position and needs.
He could have simply explained his own side without demanding that she follow him, even expressing his understanding of her own position and needs..
He tried to mix it up as much as possible, shifting the men around in various groups and making sure they never did the same task too often.
He tried to mix it up as much as possible, shifting the men around in various groups and making sure they never did the same task too often.. Shackleton sensed the danger here—if he yelled at McNeish or ordered him to row, he would probably become even more rebellious, and with so few men crowded together for so many weeks with so little food, this could turn ugly.
Shackleton sensed the danger here—if he yelled at McNeish or ordered him to row, he would probably become even more rebellious, and with so few men crowded together for so many weeks with so little food, this could turn ugly..
If we feel our survival depends on how well we gauge the moods and minds of others, then we will find the requisite focus and tap into the powers.
You will suddenly become aware of an entire world of nonverbal behavior you never knew existed, as if your eyes could now suddenly see ultraviolet light.
—Walt Whitman 3 See Through People’s Masks The Law of Role-playing People tend to wear the mask that shows them off in the best possible light—humble, confident, diligent.
If we take this appearance for reality, we never really know their true feelings, and on occasion we are blindsided by their sudden resistance, hostility,.
In this way, he would become aware of a second channel of human communication, a second language in which people expressed something from deep within themselves, sometimes without being aware of it.
It was as if in his paralysis he had suddenly become aware of a second channel of human communication, a second language in which people expressed something from deep within themselves, sometimes without being aware of it.
It was as if in his paralysis he had suddenly become aware of a second channel of human communication, a second language in which people expressed something from deep within themselves, sometimes without being aware of it..
He paid attention to the heaviness of the step—there was the emphatic walk of those who were persistent and full of resolve; the light step of those who seemed more indecisive; the loping, fluid walk of those who seemed rather lazy; the meandering walk of the person lost in thought.
He would scrutinize their way of sitting down, the level of tension in their hands as they grasped the arms of the chair, the degree to which they would face him as they talked, and in a matter of a few seconds, without words being exchanged, he had a profound read on their insecurities and rigidities..
Does your husband know about your love affair?” “No,” she said with astonishment, “but how did you?” “Your body language told me.” He explained how her legs were crossed in a very tight position, with one foot completely tucked around the ankle.
Erickson asked to see the wife of the lover, and when she came, she sat in the exact same locked position, with the foot under the ankle.. We learn how to conceal from our parents or siblings exactly what we’re thinking or feeling, to protect ourselves in vulnerable moments.
We learn how to conceal from our parents or siblings exactly what we’re thinking or feeling, to protect ourselves in vulnerable moments.
We learn how to conceal from our parents or siblings exactly what we’re thinking or feeling, to protect ourselves in vulnerable moments.. You are able to see through their fake, tight smiles, to pick up the flashes of facial irritation that cross their face and the signs of subtle discomfort in your presence.
You are able to see through their fake, tight smiles, to pick up the flashes of facial irritation that cross their face and the signs of subtle discomfort in your presence.
You are able to see through their fake, tight smiles, to pick up the flashes of facial irritation that cross their face and the signs of subtle discomfort in your presence.. Pay great attention to any mixed signals you pick up: a person professes to love your idea, but their face shows tension and their tone of voice is strained; or they congratulate you on your promotion, but the smile is forced and the expression seems sad.
If you notice that a person’s eyes are open wider than usual, or that their face is flushed, or that their voice is strained, or that their eyes are open wider than usual, or that their face is flushed, or that their voice is strained, or that their eyes are open wider than usual, or that their voice is strained, or that their eyes are open.
In the play Othello by Shakespeare, the main character, Othello, assumes that his wife, Desdemona, is guilty of adultery based on her nervous response when questioned about some evidence.
What happens in such cases is that we pick up certain emotional cues from the other person—nervousness, for instance—and we assume they come from a certain source.
When first appearing before the public for questioning, Dreyfus answered in a calm, efficient tone that was part of his training as a bureaucrat.. For instance, when you first approach someone who harbors negative thoughts toward you, if you surprise them by coming up on them from an angle, you will clearly see signs of displeasure at your approach before they have had time to fit on their smile mask.
In this case, it is best to notice it a few times before coming to any conclusions.
In this case, it is best to notice it a few times before coming to any conclusions.. Is it easier for us to distinguish between the genuine smile and the fake smile, because we tend to pay less attention to the eyes when the circumstances are very different?
On the other side of the coin, we generally have less indication of a need to hide positive emotions from others, but nonetheless we often do not like to emit obvious signs of joy and attraction, especially in work situations, or even in courtship.
If you notice that a person’s eyes are more open than usual, you will notice that they are more likely to express a positive emotion.
If you notice that a person’s eyes are more open than usual, you.
If you are giving a talk or telling a story, frequent head nods, attentive gazes, and genuine smiles will indicate that people agree with what you are saying and are losing their resistance.
If you are giving a talk or telling a story, frequent head nods, attentive gazes, and genuine smiles will indicate that people agree with what you are saying and are losing their resistance..
When Russian president Vladimir Putin tried to intimidate her by bringing his pet dog into a meeting, knowing Merkel had once been bitten and had a fear of dogs, she visibly tensed, then quickly composed herself and looked him calmly in the eye.
As women come to attain more leadership positions, this less obtrusive style of authority might begin to alter our perception of some of the dominance cues so long associated with power.
When Russian president Vladimir Putin tried to intimidate her by bringing his pet dog into a meeting, knowing Merkel had once been bitten and had a fear of dogs, she visibly tensed, then quickly composed herself and looked him calmly in the.
When they smile a lot, seem more than friendly, and even are quite entertaining, it is hard for us to not be drawn in and lower ever so slightly our resistance to their influence.
They are playing on the conviction bias (see chapter 1)—if I deny or say something with so much conviction, with an air of being a victim, it is hard to doubt me.
Although an animated face and gestures might come from sheer exuberance and genuine friendliness, when they come from someone you don’t know well, or from someone who just might have something to hide, you must be on your guard.. At the right moment you must surprise them with a question or remark that is designed to make them uncomfortable, revealing you are onto them.
This was the favorite strategy of detective Columbo in the television series of the same name—facing criminals who had tried to reverse engineer the evidence to make it look like someone else had done it, Columbo would pretend to be perfectly friendly and harmless but then would suddenly ask an uncomfortable question and then pay extra attention to the face and body.. A master performer like Bill Clinton never lost sight of the fact that as president he had to project confidence and power, but if he was speaking to a group of autoworkers he would adjust his accent and his words to fit the audience, and he would do the same for a group of executives.
If you want to be a master of impression management, you need to be aware of your nonverbal cues, and you need to be able to control them.
If you want to be a master of impression management, you need to be aware of your nonverbal cues, and you need to be able to control them..
He must have realized this, for these were the last words he spoke on his deathbed: “Have I played my part in the farce of life well enough?” Realize the following: The word personality comes from the Latin persona, which means “mask.” In the public we all wear masks, and this has a positive function.
I can never bring you to realize the importance of sleeves, the suggestiveness of thumbnails, or the great issues that may hang from a boot-lace.” —Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, “A Case of Identity” 4 Determine the Strength of People’s Character The Law of Compulsive Behavior When choosing.
He had the money to indulge himself in both of these interests, and in 1927 he decided to combine them, producing an epic, high-budget film about airmen during World War I, to be called Hell’s Angels.
He then hired another director, Luther Reed, a man who was also an aviation buff and could relate better to the project, but soon he quit, tired of Hughes’s constant interfering in the project.
He then hired another director, Luther Reed, a man who was also an aviation buff and could relate better to the project, but soon he quit.. Hughes, trying to salvage something from the war years, could point to the completion of one of the flying boats, later known as the Spruce Goose.
In the 1950s, Hughes bought the studio’s most profitable and prestigious shares and gained a controlling interest in Hollywood’s newest business venture, the Hughes Aircraft Company.
In the early 1950s, Hughes bought the studio’s most profitable and prestigious shares and gained a controlling interest in Hollywood’s newest business venture, the Hughes Aircraft Company.
In the early 1950s, Hughes bought the studio’s most profitable and prestigious shares and gained a controlling interest in Hollywood’s newest business venture.
• • Interpretation: Howard Hughes’s mother died of her dependence on the company, and as the army was certain to increase its order, she became acutely aware of his near-total dependence on the company, which she had lived in with the utmost secrecy for years.
• • Interpretation: Howard Hughes’s mother died of her dependence on the company, and as the.
He had to have complete control, even at the age of nineteen, over his fate; anything less would stir up the old anxieties from childhood.
The paradox of this was that by trying to gain such total control he tended to lose it; one man could not possibly keep their fate on top of everything, and so all kinds of unforeseen problems would arise.
The problem that Howard Hughes presented to all those who chose to work with him in some capacity was that he carefully constructed a public image that concealed the glaring weaknesses in his character.
Over the years, the only parts of his empire that ran substantial profits were the tool company and an earlier version.
For instance, we see friends continually fall for exactly the wrong person or unconsciously push away the right person.
Dismissing and distancing children from their mothers and caregivers will often set them off from their relationships and will make them feel insecure or anxious that they will never be able to handle themselves.
The second layer of this character trait comes from the way our brains are wired, from the particular way our brains are wired, which predisposes us toward certain moods and preferences.
The third layer of this character trait comes from the way our brains are wired, from the particular way our brains are wired, which predisposes us toward certain moods and preferences..
It becomes a habit, and our character is formed out of these thousands of habits, the earliest ones set well before we could be conscious of them.
The conflicted character, with decisions that swing back and forth, will merely reveal a different kind of pattern.
It becomes a habit, and our character is formed out of these thousands of habits, the earliest ones set well before we could be conscious of them.. We come to believe that a person who has success must by nature be generous, intelligent, and good, and that they deserve everything they have gotten.
With this firmly in mind, we can then work on several key components to the skill: recognizing certain signs that people emit in certain situations and that clearly reveal their character; understanding some general categories that people fit into (strong versus weak character, for instance), and finally being aware of certain types of characters that often are the most toxic and should be avoided if possible.
In fact, they will often repeat actions that they did on another occasion, compelled completely against their character and habits..
In everyday life people can often do well at disguising their character flaws, but in times of stress or crisis these flaws can suddenly become very apparent.
As Lincoln said, “If you want to test a man’s character, give him power.” On the way to gaining power, people will tend to play the courtier, to seem deferential, to follow the party line, to do what it takes to make it to the top.
In general there are always signs of these character traits in the past if you look closely enough (Johnson had revealed such nasty signs in the earliest instance of his political career), but, more important.
This means they can also be taught to rely on their own instincts rather than relying on others to make decisions for them, but they will never be taught to rely on others to make decisions for them, and they will never be taught to rely on others to make decisions for them, and they will never be taught to rely on others to make decisions for them, and they will never be taught to rely on others to make decisions for them, and they will never be taught to rely on others to make decisions for them, and they will never be taught to rely on others to make decisions for them, and they will never be taught to rely.
Remember: weak character will neutralize all of the other possible good qualities a person might possess.
For instance, people of high intelligence but weak character may come up with good ideas and even do a job well, but they will crumble under pressure, or they will not take to kindly to criticism, or they will think first and foremost of their own insecurities, or their arrogance and annoying qualities will cause others around them to quit, harming the general environment.
You can’t notice anything they do that leads to resentment, but if you notice something you think is wrong, you should respond as if you had a discovered a treasure..
If you can recognize the type early enough, it’s better to avoid them, as they will inevitably make you feel guilty for something.
If you can recognize the type early enough, it’s better to avoid them, as they will inevitably make you feel guilty for something.. A pattern is deeply set from within and cannot be controlled—they will tend to see every relationship as potentially sexual.
Sex becomes a means of self-validation, and when they are young, such types can lead an exciting, promiscuous life, as they will tend to find people to fall under their spell.
This is certainly the pattern for all of their intimate relationships, and unless you have a deep need to pamper others, you will find the relationship maddening, always on their terms.. You don’t take notice of the patterns in your life; you don’t accept the idea that your earliest years left a deep and lasting imprint that compels you to behave in certain ways.
You can follow the same path to power and fame as someone else, even though you don’t know what you’re doing.
You can follow the same path to power and fame as someone else, even though you don’t know what you’re doing.. As she began her career as a film actress at a very young age, she examined herself and her flaws with ruthless objectivity: she was hypersensitive and fragile; she had a lot of pain and sadness she could not get rid of or disguise; she wanted desperately to be loved; she had a continual need for a father figure.
If you are a hyper perfectionist who likes to control everything, you must redirect this energy into some productive work instead of using it on people..
The Object of Desire In 1895 eleven-year-old Gabrielle Chanel sat by her mother’s bedside for several days and watched her slowly die from tuberculosis at the age of thirty-three.
The Object of Desire In 1895 eleven-year-old Gabrielle Chanel sat by her mother’s bedside for several days and watched her slowly die from tuberculosis at the age of thirty-three.. She started to wear outfits that were totally her own invention—his open-collared shirts and tweed coats, paired with some of her own clothes, all topped with a man’s straw boater hat.
In wearing the clothes she noticed two things: She felt an incredible sense of freedom as she left behind the corsets, constricting gowns, and fussy headpieces.
Within a few weeks she began to find herself in the seaside town of Deauville, where she spent a few weeks trying on the fashionable clothes that Capel’s seamstresses had made for her, and she began to ask them to make her own clothes..
Her new perfume would be as distinctive as her clothes during the 1930s yet more ethereal, literally something in the air that would surround men and women and infect them with the desire to possess it.
It was the first time in the history of the perfume industry that a woman had created a scent that was not associated with a particular flower.
It was the first time in the history of the perfume industry that a woman had created a scent that was not associated with a particular flower.. She knew this would only encourage the many people who made a living out of creating cheap versions of her clothes, but she wanted this.
She would clothe millions of women; her look, her imprint would be seen everywhere—as indeed it was a few years after her comeback.
She would clothe millions of women; her look, her imprint would be seen everywhere—as indeed it was a few years after her comeback.. By some perverse force within us, the moment we possess something or get what we want, our minds begin to drift toward something new and different, to imagine we can have better.
We can call this the grass-is-always-greener syndrome, the psychological equivalent of an optical illusion—if we get too close to the grass, to that new object, we see that is not really so green after all.
We can call this the grass-is-always-greener syndrome, the psychological equivalent of an optical illusion—if we get too close to the grass, we see that is not really so green after all..
When we see some color—red or black, for instance—it tends to intensify our perception of the opposite color around us, in this case green or white.
It has been demonstrated through various experiments in which subjects who imagine something produce electrical and chemical activity in their brains that is remarkably similar to when they actually live out what they are imagining, all of this shown through functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI).
And so we see what we crave in our imaginations, and it is what we want in our relationships that we find harder to get out of them (see chapter 2) All of this requires sacrifice and hard work..
If you are too obvious with this, if people can read you too easily and figure you out, if you show your needs too visibly, then they will unconsciously begin to have a degree of disrespect; over time they will lose interest.
If you are too obvious with this, if people can read you too easily and figure you out, if you show your needs too visibly, then they will unconsciously begin to have a degree of disrespect.
If you are too obvious with this, if people can read you too easily and figure you out, if you show your needs too visibly, then they will unconsciously begin to have a degree of disrespect.. We see the attention that our parents could give us (the object we first coveted) as a zero-sum game.
If some object or person was not desired by others, we tended to see it as something indifferent or distasteful—there must be something wrong with it.
They see people possessing something that seems exciting, and their desire is not to take but to share and participate in the experience.
If you can somehow create the impression that others desire you or your work, you will pull people into your current without having to say a word or impose yourself.. To peek inside the private lives of others violates strict social taboos on privacy, and yet everyone feels the pull to see what is going on behind people’s doors.
Your object, however, offers the fantasy of a quick path to wealth and success, of recovering lost youth, of becoming a new person, and even of conquering death itself.
If you want to become wealthy or successful, you must be able to see yourself as a new person.
If you want to become wealthy or successful, you must be able to see yourself as a new person..
In the end what you really must covet is a deeper relationship to reality, which will bring you calmness, focus, and practical powers to alter what it is possible to alter.
In the end what you really must covet is a deeper relationship to reality, which will bring you calmness, focus, and practical powers to alter what it is possible to alter.. Blunt had plans to turn the South Sea Company into the biggest and most prosperous joint-stock company in Europe, but John Law had stolen his thunder with a bold venture, and with the full backing of the French government.
The South Sea Company had been formed in 1710 as an enterprise that would handle and manage part of the English government’s enormous debts, in exchange for which the company was to be granted a monopoly on all English trade with South America.
(The company would receive in exchange an annual interest payment on the debt.)
The company would then pay this £31 million debt and sell it as if it were a commodity,.
When the bill passed in April of that year, King George himself showed up at the South Sea House and deposited £100,000 for shares in the new venture.
He wanted to display his confidence in it, but such a step was hardly necessary, as the buildup to the bill’s passage had captured the public and interest in South Sea Company shares had already reached a fever pitch.
He had sold his own shares in the South Sea Company, but he had also sold his own shares in the London Stock Exchange, where he had made his fortune.
He had sold his own shares in the London Stock Exchange, where he had made his fortune..
He had never thought in his life that the price of his shares would rise to the extent that he could make more money than he had ever made, and he had never thought in his life that the price of his shares would rise to the extent that he could make more money than he had ever made, and he had never thought in his life that the price of his shares would rise to the extent that he could make more money than he had ever made, and he had never thought in his life that the price of his shares would rise to the extent that he could make more money than he had ever made, and he had never thought.
The answer is simple: Blunt’s mental time frame had shrunk to the point where he lost the ability to look months down the road and consider consequences.
In the beginning he too caught the fever, but after a week his logical mind could see the holes in the scheme, and so he sold his shares.
In the beginning he too caught the fever, but after a week his logical mind could see the holes in the scheme, and so he sold his shares..
Looking back on our life, we see that we have a tendency to be impatient and to overreact; we notice patterns of behavior over long periods of time that elude us in the moment but become clearer to us later on.
In other words, we can look at the situation from a wider perspective and make it easier for us to deal with the consequences of our actions or inactions.
In other words, we can look at the situation from a wider perspective and make it easier for us to deal with the consequences of our actions or inactions.. Our brains are designed to make us notice what could immediately harm us in our surroundings but not to pay great attention to other dangers looming in the future that are more abstract.
This is why we tend to give much more attention to something like terrorism (immediate pain), which certainly deserves our scrutiny, than to global warming (distant pain), which in fact represents the greater danger since it puts the very survival of the planet at risk.
We tend also to grab for things that offer immediate pleasure, even if we know about the negative long-term consequences..
The breeders, resentful of the rulers and angered by their actions, decided to release their cobras back on the streets, thereby tripling the population from before the government program.
The breeders, resentful of the rulers and angered by their actions, decided to release their cobras back on the streets, thereby tripling the population from before the government program..
In any group or team, put at least one person in charge of gaming out all of the possible consequences of a strategy or line of action, preferably someone with a skeptical and prudent frame of mind.
In any group or team, put at least one person in charge of gaming out all of the possible consequences of a strategy or line of action, preferably someone with a skeptical and prudent frame of mind.. Lincoln would need time for the Union Army to develop itself as a fighting force; he also needed time to find the right generals who would prosecute the war as he desired.
But if too much time passed and there were no big victories, public opinion might turn against the effort, and once the North became divided within itself, Lincoln’s job would become impossible.
Feeling the weight of all this, in late August of 1864 Lincoln finally drafted a letter spelling out the terms of peace he would offer the South, but that very night he felt ashamed for losing his resolve and hid the letter in a drawer..
The king had to read every single report on the state of the English navy, the support of the people for Queen Elizabeth, every minute detail about the country’s finances and shoreline defenses.
But he failed to pay enough attention to weather reports, the most critical factor of all—for storms at sea would spell the destruction of the armada.
In your life you are more than likely paying attention to some details that seem immediately important to you, while ignoring the weather reports that will doom your project.
In relation to the past we may try to think about our plans a year or two from now, but our thinking is more like a stranger.
It will also make you a superior strategist in life, able to resist people’s inevitable overreactions to what is happening in the present and to see further into the future, a potential power that we humans have only begun to tap into.
The Influence Game In December 1948, Senator Tom Connally of Texas received a visit from the newly elected second senator of the state, Lyndon Baines Johnson (1908–1973).
The Influence Game In December 1948, Senator Tom Connally of.
He’d ask a question or two about some bill or bit of senatorial procedure and would listen with a focus that was striking and charming, almost like a child.
The senators saw him most often on the Senate floor, and Johnson seemed to have so many interests in common that he spent almost all of his weekends working on the Armed Services Committee, but he never admitted to his junior colleagues that he had been preparing for the Korean War.
Johnson was one of the few junior senators who had been working on the Senate floor since 1933 and had become one of its most powerful members.. Johnson approached Tydings with a proposal: Tydings was facing a reelection campaign that year, and Johnson offered to chair the subcommittee only up to the time of the election, allowing Tydings to focus on winning it.
Humphrey was named the chairman, a stunning coup for a senator who had been on the job for only a year and a half, and he would hold on to the job for quite a while, as Tydings lost his reelection bid.
Now Russell could properly defend his elevation of Johnson—the senator from Texas had done a great job and had finally gotten the Senate some positive publicity..
The subtext here was that Johnson was really a closet liberal who also idolized FDR and who wanted just as much as Humphrey to pass a civil rights bill.
Johnson himself could never become president, or so he said to Humphrey, because the nation was not ready for a president from the South.
He would not spend weeks on the committee chairmen, but Johnson himself was not willing to give up his power until the Republicans were in full control of the Senate and the House.
He would not spend weeks on the committee chairmen, but Johnson himself was not willing to give up his power until the Republicans were in full control of the Senate.. To southern senators he made it clear that making the party more powerful and unified would make Johnson’s job easier, and that as a fellow southerner he would be their ultimate ally in further fights.
He was now the undisputed “Master of the Senate,” and the byword among his colleagues was “Let Lyndon do it.” Drawn into his sphere of influence was the most unlikely cast of characters—from Dick Russell to Hubert Humphrey.
In four short years, Johnson had not only risen to the top but had gained control of the Senate Democrats through a slow and steady campaign of accumulating influence, far surpassing the power Connally had accrued in over twenty.
By the time the leadership position opened up, Johnson had established tremendous credibility as someone who returned favors, who could get things done, and who had very powerful allies.
In a world where people are increasingly self-absorbed, this effect only has the attention of those who are willing to put their own interests above those of others.
In a world where people are increasingly self-absorbed, this effect only has the attention of those who are willing to put their own interests above those of others..
In the face of all of this, we naturally become more self-absorbed and defensive—we have to look after our own interests, since nobody else will.
In the face of all of this, we naturally become more self-absorbed and defensive—we have to look after our own interests, since nobody else will.. For instance, “I’m a free spirit, one of a kind” or “I’m very self-reliant and don’t need anybody’s help” or “I am good-looking and I can depend on that” or “I am a rebel and disdain all authority.” Implied in these various self-opinions is a feeling of superiority in this one area: “I am a rebel and you are less so.” Many of these types of self-opinions are related to developmental issues in early childhood.
If in this scenario we also happen to be Christian, we will then reinterpret Christian religious doctrines to match.
If you insist that they can easily better their lives by following your advice, this will clash with their belief that the world is against them and that they really do not deserve such good things.
Finally, the greatest obstacle you will face in developing these powers comes from a cultural prejudice against the very idea of influence: “Why can’t we all just be honest and transparent with one another, and simply ask for what we want?
The only way to learn how to influence others is to learn how to influence yourself..
The best way to signal how deeply you are listening is to occasionally say something that mirrors what they have said, but in your own words and filtered through your own experience.
It has been demonstrated that his pupils have a positive effect on their own nonverbal language, which you can try to convey as much as you can in your own words and filtered through your own experience.
If you are relaxed and anticipating a pleasurable experience, this will communicate itself and have a mirror-like effect on the other person..
Instead of spending a hot summer Saturday afternoon messing around with his friends and swimming in the river, Tom has to whitewash the very large fence in the front of the house.
Wilder knew that Dietrich had worked hard to get others to do the part, but you can’t tell people to do anything you want to do; now he can do so freely.
Wilder knew that Dietrich had worked hard to get others to do the part, but you can’t tell people to do anything you want to do; now he can do so freely..
The nineteenth-century British prime minister and novelist Benjamin Disraeli conceived of an even cleverer ploy when he wrote, “If you wish to win a man’s heart, allow him to confute you.” You do this by beginning to disagree with a target about a subject, even with some vehemence, and then slowly come to seeing their point of view, thereby confirming not only their intelligence but also their own powers of influence.
If you want to win a man’s heart, allow him to confute you..
If your flattery is done right, we feel that the flatterer likes us, and we tend to like people who like us.
If your flattery is done right, we feel that the flatterer likes us, and we tend to like people who like us.. Use their emotions: In the book Change, the therapist authors (Paul Watzlawick, John H. Use their emotions: In the book Change, the therapist authors (Paul Watzlawick, John H. Use their emotions: In the book Change, the therapist authors (Paul Watzlawick, John H. Use their emotions: In the book Change, the therapist authors (Paul Watzlawick, John H. Use their emotions: In the book Change, the therapist authors (Paul Watzlawick, John H..
The Flexible Mind—Self-strategies You find it frustrating when people resist your own ideas out of sheer stubbornness, but you are largely unaware of how the same problem—your own stubbornness—afflicts you and limits your creative powers.
The Flexible Mind—Self-strategies You find it frustrating when people resist your own ideas out of sheer stubbornness, but you are largely unaware of how.
To take this further, you can adopt a strategy promulgated by Nietzsche: “He who really wants to get to know something new (be it a person, an event, a book) does well to entertain it with all possible love and to avert his eyes quickly from everything in it he finds inimical, repellent, false, indeed to banish it from mind: so that, for example, he allows the author of a book the longest start and then, like one watching a race, desires with beating heart that he may reach his goal.
If one has gone this far, reason can afterwards make its reservations; that over-estimation,.
The Ultimate Freedom As a child, Anton Chekhov (1860–1904)—the future celebrated writer—faced each morning with a feeling of dread: would he be beaten that day by his father or somehow spared pious?
Without warning, and sometimes without any apparent cause, his father, Pavel Yegorovich, would strike him hard several times with a cane or a whip or the back of his hand.
In the afternoon he would hear his father’s approaching footsteps outside their ramshackle wooden house, and he would tremble with fear.. A boarder who lived with them offered to help the mother with their case against the creditors, but much to her surprise, he used his court connections to swindle the Chekhovs out of their house.
The former boarder, now owner of the house, gave Anton a corner of one room to live in, and so at the age of sixteen, with no money of his own and no family to look after him, Anton was suddenly left to fend for himself in Taganrog.
Pavel and his father were not alone in the streets of Taganrog, and so at the age of sixteen, with no money of his own and no.
He told his mother and sister that he wanted to go to medical school, but he would not be able to do so because of his father’s alcoholism.
He told his mother that he wanted to go to medical school, but he would not be able to do so because of his father’s alcoholism.
He told his mother and sister that he wanted to go to medical school, but he would not be able to do so because of his father’s alcoholism..
The book he wrote, Sakhalin Island, caught the attention of the public and led to substantial reforms of the penal system on the island.
The book he wrote, Sakhalin Island, caught the attention of the public and led to substantial reforms of the penal system on the island..
He would let go of his fear of death, and the bitter feelings that came with having his life cut short, by continuing to live at full tilt.
He would let go of his fear of death, and the bitter feelings that came with having his life cut short, by continuing to live at full tilt..
If we perceive the world in a certain way, we are more likely to react in the following way: We perceive the world in a certain way, we are more likely to react in the following way.
If we perceive the world in a certain way, we are more likely to react in the following way.
If we perceive the world in a certain way, we are more likely to react in the following way..
The attitude that we carry with us throughout life has several roots: First, we come into this world with certain genetic inclinations—toward hostility, greed, empathy, or kindness.
The attitude that we carry with us throughout life has several roots: First, we come into this world with certain genetic inclinations—toward hostility, greed, empathy, or kindness..
If you have a negative attitude, you are more likely to have a negative relationship with your spouse, and you are more likely to have a negative relationship with your children.
If you have a positive attitude, you are more likely to have a positive relationship with your spouse, and you are more likely to have a positive relationship with your children.
If you have a negative attitude, you are more likely to have a negative relationship with your spouse, and you are more likely to have a negative relationship with your children.. You can also try a simple experiment: Approach people you are meeting for the first time, or only know peripherally, with various positive thoughts—“I like them,” “They seem smart,” et cetera.
You can also try a simple experiment: Approach people you are meeting for the first time, or only know peripherally, with various positive thoughts—“I like them,” “They seem smart,” et cetera.
You can also try a simple experiment: Approach people you are meeting for the first time, or only know peripherally, with various positive thoughts—“I like them,” “They seem smart,” et cetera..
They will find the perfect reason for leaving a job early and changing careers, or breaking off a relationship.
If you notice traces of this attitude in yourself, taking it all the way to a project of even the smallest scale, a good strategy is to take on the task at hand.
If you notice traces of this attitude in yourself, taking it all the way to a project of even the smallest scale, a good strategy is to take on the task at hand.. As time went on, Cosima could see that he felt quite inferior in relation to her intelligence and strong will.
Feeling anger and neglected, she began an affair with the famous composer Richard Wagner, who was a friend and colleague of von B ⁇ low’s.
When she eventually left von B ⁇ low to live with Wagner, von B ⁇ low bombarded her with letters, blaming himself for what had happened; he was resentful of her love..
It is better to explode into anger in the moment, even if it’s irrational, than to stew on slights that you have probably hallucinated or exaggerated.
You must break out of the resentful cycle by becoming more generous toward people and human nature.
It is better to explode into anger in the moment, even if it’s irrational, than to stew on slights that you have probably hallucinated or exaggerated..
In the case of Abraham Maslow, you were able to develop a sense of humility and self-effacing that you are capable of creating greater value in your life than you could have imagined.
You are able to develop a sense of humility and self-effacing that you are capable of creating greater value in your life than you could have imagined.
You are able to develop a sense of humility and self-effacing that you are capable of creating greater value in your life than you could.
In general, this way of looking at yourself runs counter to the cool, ironic attitude that many people like to assume in the postmodern world—never too ambitious, never too positive about things or life, always affecting a nonchalant and very false humility.
How to view other people: First you must try to get rid of the natural tendency to take what people do and say as something personally directed at you, particularly if what they say or do is unpleasant.
How to view other people: If you want to get rid of the natural tendency to take what people do and say as something personally directed at you, particularly if what they say or do is.
This is why the same external events or circumstances affect no two people alike; even with perfectly similar surroundings every one lives in a world of his own.
On hearing of the interesting events which have happened in the course of a man’s experience, many people will wish that similar things had happened in their lives too, completely obscuring the creative side that they should be rather envious of the mental aptitude which lent those events the significance they possess when he describes them.
This is why the same external events or circumstances affect no two people alike; even with perfectly similar surroundings every one lives in a world of his own.. Nixon’s liberal enemies saw him as a political animal, one who would resort to any kind of trickery to win an election.
Nixon’s enemies saw him as a political animal, one who would resort to any kind of trickery to win an election.
Nixon’s enemies saw him as a political animal, one who would resort to any kind of trickery to win an election.. Nixon would begin to share with them stories from his colorful past, and in the process he would go over some of his old political wounds, and bitterness would rise up from deep within.
In the 1950s, these elites, many of them Harvard graduates, quietly kept Nixon and his wife, Pat, out of their social circles, limiting Nixon’s political contacts.
As he went deeper and deeper into these stories night after night with his staff, he reminded them that this past was still very much alive.
As he went deeper and deeper into these stories, he reminded them that this past was still very much alive.. That’s the way they play and that’s the way we’re going to play it.” Nixon put his counsel, John Dean, in charge of the internal investigation, with clear instructions that he should not stonewall the FBI and cover up any connections to the White House.
Nixon’s popularity was so high that he could not afford to lose his reelection bid to McGovern, and he was so confident that he would win the presidency that he decided to run for re-election.
Nixon’s popularity was so high that he could not afford to lose his reelection bid to McGovern, and he was so confident that he would win the.
Nixon seemed paralyzed: Destroying the tapes would be an admission of guilt; perhaps the tapes would exonerate him, as they would prove he had never directly ordered the break-in.
The morning after he delivered his resignation speech to the country, Nixon addressed his staff one last time, and fighting to control his emotions, he concluded, “Never get discouraged, never be petty; always remember, others may hate you, but those who hate you don’t win unless you hate them, and then you destroy yourself.” Along with his family, he then got into the helicopter that was to take him into political exile..
It contains your deepest insecurities, your secret desires to hurt people, even those close to you, your fantasies of revenge, your suspicions about others, your hunger for more attention and power.
It requires great energy to keep this dark side at bay, but at times unpleasant behavior leaks out as a way to release the dark side of your character.
If you are a good listener, you will be able to listen to what others have to say, and you will be able to listen to what others have to say, and you will be able to listen to what others have to say, and you will be able to listen to what others have to.
When we experience those moments when people reveal the dark side, we can see something come over their face; their voice and body language is completely altered—almost as if another person is confronting us, the features of the upset child suddenly becoming visible.
The Shadow lies buried deep within, but it becomes disturbed and active in moments of stress, or when deep wounds and insecurities are triggered.
The Shadow lies buried deep within, but it becomes disturbed and active in moments of stress, or when deep wounds and insecurities are triggered.. (For more on such signs and how to interpret them, see the section on this page.)
Emotional outbursts: A person suddenly loses his or her habitual self-control and sharply expresses deep resentments or says something biting and hurtful.
In the aftermath of such a release, they may blame it on stress; they may say they did not mean any of it, when in fact the opposite is the case—the Shadow has spoken.
(For more on such signs and how to interpret them, see the section on this page..
The bullying, the manipulations, the greed that comes out for the sake of the cause or product should be taken at our face value, the overly strong conviction providing simple cover for repressed emotions to play themselves out.
We are the ones who secretly wish to dominate, but if we see it in the other side first, we can vent our repressed desire in the form of a judgment and justify our own authoritarian response.
In many ways Shadow provides us with a degree of freedom that we might not have had in the past, and this freedom allows us to see the world in a different way.
We are the ones who secretly wish to dominate, but.
Deciphering the Shadow: Contradictory Behavior In the course of your life you will come upon people who have very emphatic traits that set them apart and seem to be the source of their strength—undoubtedly the source of their strength.
If you look closely at them, you will see that they seem to be the source of their strength—undoubtedly the source of their strength.
If you look closely at them, you will see that they seem to be the source of their strength—undoubtedly the source of their strength..
They are notoriously touchy and thin-skinned, and you might detect a micropout on their face if you trigger it with a tough or even cruel act or comment.
They are notoriously touchy and thin-skinned, and you might detect a micropout on their face if you trigger it with a tough or even cruel act or comment..
The Fanatic: You are impressed by their fervor, in support of whatever cause.
They become indecisive at the wrong moment, or burn themselves out and fall ill, or take such ill-conceived actions that it all falls apart.
They become indecisive at the wrong moment, or burn themselves out and fall ill, or take such ill-conceived actions that it all falls apart.. (As an example of this, see the story of Abraham Lincoln in the section below.)
Be extra wary of those who go out of their way to make a show of their difference.
(Think of the pop star Michael Jackson near the end of his life.)
Often their outward show of self-reliance disguises a hidden desire to have others take care of them, to regress to the dependency of childhood.
They can never admit this to themselves or show any signs of such weakness, but unconsciously they are drawn to creating enough chaos that they break down and are forced into some form of dependency..
In much of Bly’s own writing, he railed at advertising men and businesspeople—as he saw it, they were so calculating, planning everything to the extreme, afraid of the chaos of life, and quite manipulative.
He could be quite malicious with people he perceived to be so different, but in fact there was a part of the awe and advertising man within him.
He could be quite malicious with people he perceived to be so different, but in fact there was a part of the awe and advertising man within him.. From an early age Abraham Lincoln liked to analyze himself, and a recurrent theme in his self-examinations was that he had a split personality—on the one hand an ambitious almost cruel streak to his nature, and on the other a sensitivity and softness that made him frequently depressed.
You want to explore these depths, which include more primitive forms of thinking and the darkest subjective impulses that come out of our animal nature.. For others, it becomes a natural tendency to envy and abuse women’s power, and the more you do this, the more you will be able to show your Shadow.
If you want to show your Shadow, you have to show it in a way that makes you feel good about yourself.
If you want to show your Shadow in a way that makes you feel good about yourself, you have to show it in a way that makes you feel good about yourself.
If you want to show your Shadow in a way that makes you feel good about yourself, you have to show it in a way that makes you feel good about yourself.. Mary’s father was William Godwin (1756–1836), a celebrated writer and philosopher who advocated many radical ideas, including the end of private property.
Mary’s father was William Godwin (1756–1836), a celebrated writer and philosopher who advocated many radical ideas, including the end of private property.
Mary’s father was William Godwin (1756–1836), a celebrated writer and philosopher who advocated many radical ideas, including the end of private property..
When she met the handsome Edward Williams—a military man who had lived in India, as Jane had—she fell instantly in love.
In 1819, although Jane was still married to her first husband, she and Edward left for the Continent, posing as a married couple.
He bought Jane a guitar and loved to listen to the songs from India she seemed to know so well.
He bought Jane a guitar and loved to listen to the songs from India she seemed to know so well.. Mary, in return, had been reunited with her husband in Italy, and Jane had grown so close to her son that she would be able to take care of him in London, but she would not be welcomed in England.
Mary’s father, Lord Byron, and his wife, Lady Byron, had been friends with Mary’s mother, Mary’s sister, Mary’s sister-in-law, Mary’s mother-in-law, Mary’s sister-in-law, Mary’s sister-in-law, Mary’s sister-in-law, Mary’s sister-in-law,.
Mary delighted in furthering this plot, but before accompanying Isabel to Paris, one afternoon she received the shock of her life: “My friend, who I first met years later, was not only seduced by her husband’s lies, but now she had become a victim of her own.” * Jane’s relationship with her husband, who she first met years later, was not only seduced by her husband’s lies, but now she had become a victim of her own.
And as she thought about it more deeply, suddenly things began to make sense—the sudden coldness of Hogg, Leigh Hunt, and others who must have heard these.
Mary was not so talented; she was merely lucky; if it weren’t for her famous parents and the men around her, she never would have gotten to her fortunate position; she did not deserve her fame; she was an irritating person to be around; she was an irritating person to be around; she was an irritating person to be around; she was an irritating person to be around; she was an irritating person to be around; she was an irritating person to be around; she was an irritating person to be around; she was an irritating person to be around; she was an irritating person to be around; she was an irritating.
Jane, the sudden mysterious coldness of Mary’s closest friends, the push and pull Jane played on Mary, always stepping back when Mary wanted more closeness, and finally the revelation of the ultimate betrayal, and the thought, which would haunt Mary for years, that so many had believed Jane’s story.
And if we feel envy in some way, we may try to disguise the anger before we become aware of it (see the next section of this article for more information on how to deal with envy).
We always feel better about people who seem to like us, and enviers know this well..
But if we cannot see the underlying envy, we are inevitably confused by the hostile action of the envier, and this confusion doubles the pain we experience.
You can do this by immersing yourself in three ways that envy can be detected: first by observing the signs of passive envy or by doing something else that might indicate envy is something more active.
You can do this by immersing yourself in three ways that envy can be detected: first by observing the signs of passive envy or by doing something else that might indicate envy is something more active..
The root of the Latin word for envy, invidia, means “to look through, to probe with the eyes like a dagger.” The early meaning of the word was associated with the “evil eye” and the belief that a look could actually convey a curse and physically harm someone.
You will notice the envier’s eyes momentarily boring into you, with a look that suggests disdain and a touch of hostility.
Poisonous praise: A major envy attack is often preceded by little envy bites—offhand comments expertly designed to get under your skin..
The push and pull: As we saw in the Jane Williams story, enviers often use friendship and intimacy as the best way to wound the people they envy.
The push and pull: As we saw in the Jane Williams story, enviers often use friendship and intimacy as the best way to wound the people they envy..
This sometimes means leveling envy not only achievers and the powerful but also those who are having too good a time, who seem to be enjoying themselves too much, or who have too great a sense of purpose, which levelers lack.
The Self-entitled Slacker: In the world today many people rightfully feel entitled to have success and the good things in life, but they usually understand that this will require sacrifice and hard work.
The Self-entitled Narcissist: Narcissists tend to have a strong sense of self-worth, but they also tend to have a strong sense of entitlement.
Narcissists tend to have a strong sense of self.
You will notice such fiends by the questions they ask about how much money you make, whether you own your home, what kind of neighborhood it’s in, whether you occasionally fly business class, and all of the other petty things that they can use as points of comparison.
As Jackson wrote of him in his autobiography, “I always had the feeling he was behind me, ready to turn the knife.” He also felt there was some yearning racism in Nettles’s envy, as if a black athlete could not possibly earn a salary that much larger than his own.
When they comment on the clothes you wear or the car you drive.
The Insecure Master: For some people, reaching a high position validates their self-opinion and boosts their self-esteem.
You will work extra hard to impress them, show them you’re a person on the way up, only to find yourself after several months suddenly demoted or fired, which makes little sense, since you had clearly delivered results.
They look at others who might have more talent, even those below them, with an envious eye..
If you have any natural gifts that elevate you above others, you must be aware of the dangers and avoid flaunting such talents.
If you have any natural gifts that elevate you above others, you must be aware of the dangers and avoid flaunting such talents.. We see only the most exciting images from their vacations, the happy faces of their friends and children, accounts of their continual self-improvement, the fascinating people they are meeting, the great causes and projects they are involved in, the examples of success in their endeavors.
We generally believe, and for good reason, that we are all entitled to share in the good life, but if our peers seem to have more, someone or something must be to blame.
We see only the most exciting images from their vacations, the happy faces of their friends and children, accounts of their continual self-improvement, the fascinating people they are meeting, the great.
If we moved closer—if we saw the quarrels that go on behind closed doors or the horrible boss that goes with that new job—we would have less reason to feel envy.
The process of moving closer is twofold: on the one hand, try to actually look behind the glittering fa ⁇ ades people present, and on the other hand, simply imagine the inevitable disadvantages that go along with their position.
When we envy someone, we are prone to feel excitement, even joy, if they experience a setback or suffer in some way.. We forget the role that luck has played in our success, and we forget the role that envy has played in our success.
We forget the role that envy has played in our success, and we forget the role that envy has played in our success.
We forget the role that envy has played in our success, and we forget the role that envy has played in our success.. Disney, however, would become one of the world’s most profitable entertainment companies, and the company’s stock price soared to record highs.
The company’s stock price soared to record highs, and the company’s stock price soared to record highs.
Disney’s stock price soared to record highs, and the company’s stock price soared to record highs.
Disney’s stock price soared to record highs, and the company’s stock price soared to record highs..
Unlike the usual fiberglass castles at the other theme parks, at Euro Disney—as it came to be known—the castles would be built out of pink stone and feature handcrafted stained-glass windows with scenes from various fairy tales.
It was Katzenberg who had overseen the string of early hits for the studio, including the biggest hit of all, Beauty and the Beast, the film that had initiated the renaissance of Disney’s animation department.
He needed another Frank Wells, and his thoughts soon turned to his old friend Michael Ovitz, one of the founders and the head of Creative Artists Agency.
Ovitz, however, was not working with Eisner in the way he would do if he had been fired; he would not be involved in the company’s merger with Yahoo!, nor would he be involved in the company’s merger with Yahoo!, nor would he be involved in the company’s merger with Yahoo!, nor would he be involved in the company’s merger with Yahoo!, nor would he be involved in the company’s merger with Yahoo!,.
When he had been president, Ovitz had tried to settle the suit before it went to court and had gotten Katzenberg to agree to $90 million, but at the last minute Eisner had nixed this, certain he did not owe Katzenberg anything.
But now the CEO of Pixar, Steve Jobs, made it clear he would never work with Disney again, deeply resenting Eisner’s micromanaging.
He would argue that Eisner had the perfect illusion of his own talents to encourage others at the studio to do more with his mind.
He would argue that Eisner had the perfect illusion of his own talents to encourage others at the studio to do.
The Disney system depended on a steady flow of new animated hits, which fed the stores and theme parks with new characters, merchandise, rides, and avenues for publicity.
Katzenberg’s departure from Disney was a major blow to Disney’s animation business, and it was a major blow to Disney’s reputation in the world of animation.
Katzenberg’s departure from Disney was a major blow to Disney’s animation business, and it was a major blow to.
In fact, you need to focus on what you want to reach rather than what you have to do to reach your project—the people you want to reach are not necessarily the people you want to reach.
In fact, you need to focus on what you want to reach rather than what you have to do to reach your project—the people you want to reach are not necessarily the people you want to reach.. You may become restless and suddenly make a career change, not realizing that grandiosity is at the root—your present work is not confirming your greatness and superiority, because to be truly great would require more years of training and the development of new skills.
You may have dozens of great ideas that you never attempt to execute, because that would cause you to confront the reality of your actual skill level.. We want to feel significant in some way, to protest against our natural smallness, to expand our sense of self.
Some children do not go through that second phase in early childhood in which they must confront their relative smallness, and these children are more vulnerable to deeper forms of grandiosity later in life.
In ancient times, our sense of smallness was not just something bred into us by the many years we spent dependent on our parents; it also came from our weakness in relation to the hostile powers in nature..
In looking at the people around you, you must realize that their grandiosity (and yours) can come in many different forms.
People may claim they are interested in the work itself or in contributing to humanity, but often deep down what is really motivating them is the desire to have attention, to have their high self-opinion confirmed by others who admire them, to feel powerful and inflated.
If people are disappointed in their careers yet still believe they are great and unrecognized, they may turn to various compensations—drugs, alcohol, sex with as many partners as possible, shopping, a superior, mocking attitude, et cetera..
In fact, you can learn more about your natural instincts than you need to in order to become a great leader, and you can learn more about yourself than you need to in order to become a great leader.
In fact, you can learn more about your natural instincts than you need to in order to become a great leader, and you can learn more about yourself than you need to in order to become a great leader..
In some cases grandiose leaders may have risen from the lower classes, but in general they either come from relatively privileged backgrounds or because of their success have lived removed from the cares of everyday people for quite some time.
The trick grandiose leaders play is to place the emphasis on their cultural tastes, not on the actual class they come from.
In the case of Indira Gandhi, it was the fact that she came from a very poor background that made her stand out in the eyes of the public.
The fact that she came from a very poor background made her stand out in the eyes of the public.. For his next film, Heaven’s Gate (1980), he negotiated a contract that was completely unique in Hollywood history, one that allowed him to increase the budget as he saw fit and to create precisely the film he had envisioned, with no strings attached.
In the end, Heaven’s Gate was one of the greatest disasters in Hollywood history, and it virtually destroyed Cimino’s career.
They need boldness in order to maintain their belief that they can create anything that is bigger than their expertise, or they can try to transfer their skills to something else..
The attention we receive in this way is gratifying and keeps us energized, but the greater sense of gratification comes from the work itself and from overcoming our own weaknesses.
Although the precise way to channel the energy will depend on your field and skill level, the following are five basic principles that are essential for attaining the high level of fulfillment that can come from this reality-based form of grandiosity.
If you only listen to feedback and try to make the work a complete reflection of what others tell you or want, the work will be conventional and flat.
The problem with fantastical grandiosity is that you imagine some great new goal you will achieve—that brilliant novel you will write, that lucrative start-up you will create.
The problem with fantastical grandiosity is that you imagine some great new goal you will achieve—that brilliant novel you will write, that lucrative start-up you will create.. [But] spoiled by the wealth I had and by those who were begging me to become their leader, by the gifts they gave me and by the people who flattered me, saying that if I would consent to take command they would all obey me and I should be the greatest of men—puffed up by such words, when all the princes round about chose me to be their leader in the war, I accepted the command, deeming myself fit to be the greatest; but, as it seems, I did not know myself.
—Xenophon, The Education of Cyrus 12 Reconnect to the Masculine or Feminine Gender Roles.
She turned her attention to the most important man in her life, and he seemed to be the man she had always wanted to marry.
He was the man she had always wanted to marry, and he was the man she had always wanted to marry.
He was the man she had always wanted to marry, and he was the man she had always wanted to marry..
He would wait it out, but with time their options seemed to narrow, and the news kept getting worse—mobs had sacked the palace they lived in; what few allies they had in Rome had now deserted them; the cardinals were congregating to elect the new pope.
With the cannons of Sant’Angelo now pointing at the castle ramparts, she made it impossible for the cardinals to meet in one location and elect the new pope.. On April 14, 1488, a group of men, clad in armor and led by Ludovico Orsi, stormed into the palace and stabbed the count to death, throwing his body out the window and into the city square.
Caterina wasted no time in asking the assassins to kill her children, but no mother would be willing to surrender her children to the assassins.
Caterina wasted no time in asking the assassins to kill her children, but no mother would be willing to surrender her children to the assassins..
The countess was quickly restored to power, the new pope himself confirming her rule as regent until her eldest son, Ottaviano, came of age.
And as word of all that she had done—and what she had yelled down to the assassins from the ramparts of Ravaldino—spread throughout Italy, the legend of Caterina Sforza, the beautiful warrior countess of Forl ⁇ , began to take on a life of its own.
Then one day in 1495, as she and Giacomo left the castle for a picnic, a group of assassins surrounded her husband and killed him before her eyes.. As he would have done, she had thought ahead—her plan was to play for time until her remaining allies could come to her defense.
The head of the French troops, Yves d’Allegre, stared at her in astonishment as the beautiful countess—her ornamented cuirass over her dress—charged at his men from the front line, handling her sword deftly without a trace of fear.
She and her men were about to withdraw further into the castle, hoping to prolong the battle for days, as she had planned, when one of her own soldiers had grabbed her from behind and raped her, and the soldier had put.
Men and women alike were drawn to her because she was a woman with a strong sense of self, a woman with a strong sense of self, a woman with a strong sense of self, a woman with a strong sense of self, a woman with a strong sense of self, a woman with a strong sense of self, a woman with a strong sense of self, a woman with a strong sense of self, a woman with a strong sense of self, a woman with a strong sense of self, a woman with a strong sense of self, a woman with a strong sense of self, a woman with a strong sense of self,.
Understand: You might like to imagine that much has changed when it comes to gender roles, that the world of Caterina Sforza is too distant from our own to be relevant.
The specific details of gender roles might fluctuate according to culture and time period, but the pattern is essentially the same and is as follows: We are all born as complete beings, with many sides to us.
In this process, we become less and less dimensional; we conform to the expected roles of our culture and time period..
The deeper we fall in love, however, the more our attention is completely absorbed in one person.
The deeper we fall in love, however, the more our attention is completely absorbed in one person..
The other sides to his character—the empathy, the gentleness, the need for connection, which he absorbed from the mother or were naturally a part of him—will tend to become repressed and sink into the unconscious.
The more exploratory, aggressive, and darker sides of her character—both naturally occurring and absorbed from the father—will tend to become repressed and sink into the unconscious, if she adopts a more traditionally feminine role..
The relationship will often tend to fall apart from the misreading and feminines on both sides, and not aware of the source of this, we will go through precisely the same cycle with the next person.
Your task as a student of human nature is threefold: First you must try to observe the opposite anima and the animus as they manifest themselves in others, particularly in their intimate relationships.
Your task as a student of human nature is threefold: First you must try to observe the opposite anima and the animus as they manifest themselves in others, particularly in their intimate relationships.. (For more on this, see the final section of this chapter.)
* * * — Finally, when it comes to gender roles, we like to imagine a continual line of progress leading to perfect equality, and to believe that we are not far from reaching this ideal.
Although on one level we can see definite progress, on another level, one that is deeper, we can see increasing tension and polarization between the sexes, as if the old patterns of inequality between men and women exert an unconscious influence upon us.
This tension can sometimes feel like a war, and it stems from a growing psychological distance between the genders, in which people of.
As a young woman, she turned all of her attention to older, powerful, and unconventional men, with whom she could re-create the role she had played with her father—always the little girl in need of his love, but also quite flirtatious.
She was continually frustrated in this relationship, but she was trapped in this pattern, later marrying Aristotle Onassis, an older, unconventional man of great power who seemed so dashing and romantic but who would treat her horribly and cheat on her continually.
The only way he thinks he can get away with it is if he can convince himself that he’s the perfect man for her, and.
In Search of the Devilish Romantic: The Devilish Romantic is the type of man who is attracted to a woman who is not a real person.
The Devilish Romantic is the type of man who is attracted to a woman who is not a real person.
The Devilish Romantic is the type of man who is attracted to a woman who is not a real person..
It is the classic split of the mother/whore—they want the mother figure for a wife but feel a much stronger physical attraction to the whore, the Fallen Woman, the type who likes to display her body.
Not having to get what they crave by looking for the Fallen Woman type, they can actually begin to satisfy their urges with any type of woman, not passively waiting for her to lead them astray but actively initiating the guilty pleasures.
In fact, he would be a great match of a woman who is raised by her wealthy uncle, who would be the main source of strength and superiority.
In fact, he would be a.
He chooses a certain type of woman to pursue and then subtly positions her to play the mother role—to comfort, adore, and pump up his ego.
He will blame her for changing, but in fact he is the one projecting qualities that were never almost exactly there and trying to make her conform to his expectations.
He must see the pattern of these resentments in his life, and he must see the pattern of these resentments in his relationship with the woman.
He must see the pattern of these resentments in his life, and he must see the pattern of these resentments in his relationship with the woman..
The shamans’ power came from the depth of their communication with this inner figure, which was experienced as a real woman or man from within.
The shamans’ power came from the depth of their communication with this inner figure, which was experienced as a real woman or man from within..
When he considers buying a company, he breaks it down into its component parts and analyzes them in statistical depth, but he also tries to get a feel for the overall interdependent gestalt of the business, how the employees relate to one another, the spirit of the group as taught by the man or woman at the top—a lot of the intangibles most businesspeople ignore.
Masculine and feminine styles of action: When it comes to taking action, the masculine tendency is to move forward, explore the situation, attack, and vanquish.
Masculine and feminine styles of action: When it comes to taking action, the masculine tendency is to.
Masculine and feminine styles of self-assessment and learning: As studies have shown, when men make mistakes they tend to look outward and find other people or circumstances to blame.
Masculine and feminine styles of self-assessment and learning: As studies have shown, when men make mistakes they tend to look outward and find other people or circumstances to blame..
When you recognize the fools, the incompetents, and the hyperselfish in the group, it is best to fire them and to even find pleasure in getting rid of those who bring the whole group down.
When you recognize the fools, the incompetents, and the hyperselfish in the group, it is best to fire them and to even find pleasure in getting rid of those who bring the whole group down.. A plan formed in Martin Sr.’s mind that his elder son would follow in his father’s footsteps—attending Morehouse College in Atlanta, becoming ordained as a minister, serving as copastor at Ebenezer, and then eventually inheriting the father’s position, just as Martin Sr. Martin Jr., on the other hand, had a cool temperament.
Martin Jr., on the other hand, had a cool temperament..
He became active in the local chapter of the NAACP, but when he was offered the position of president of the chapter, he turned it down.
He became active in the local chapter of the NAACP, but when he was offered the position of president of the chapter, he turned it down..
He bowed over the cup of coffee and prayed with a sense of tremendous urgency he had never felt before: “Lord, I must confess that I’m weak now.
And I can’t let the people see me like this, because if they see me weak and losing my courage, they will begin to get weak.” At that moment, clear as could be, he heard a voice from within: “Martin Luther, stand up for righteousness.
He could not let the people see him like this, because if they see him weak and losing my courage, they will begin to get weak..
In one campaign King led in Albany, Georgia, to desegregate the city, the mayor and police chief made a show of exaggerated calmness, making it seem as if King and the SCLC were the unreasonable group, just stirring up trouble from the outside.
Then, toward the end of 1962, he received yet another request for his services: Fred Shuttlesworth, one of the leading black activists in Birmingham, Alabama, begged King and the SCLC to help him in his efforts to desegregate stores in the downtown area.
The city had come to be known as “Bombingham.” And King resented his team’s tendency.
In early 1965, he saw images of the Vietnam War in a magazine, drowning out his talk with chants of “Black Power.” He grew increasingly frustrated with the lack of progress in the civil rights movement, and he began to question whether he would ever be able to win the presidency.
In the early 1960s, King’s leadership of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) became a symbol of the struggle for racial equality in the United States.
In the early 1960.
King’s father, Martin Luther King, Jr., was a Baptist minister, and his mother, Coretta Scott King, was a civil rights activist.
King’s father, Martin Luther King, Jr., was a Baptist minister, and his mother, Coretta Scott King, was a civil rights activist.. King would strive to bring unity to the cause and keep the movement focused on practical results instead of the voice that had guided him.
He would strive to bring unity to the cause and keep the movement focused on practical results instead of the voice that had guided him.
He would strive to bring unity to the cause and keep the movement focused on practical results instead of the voice that had guided him..
This voice will often warn you when you are getting involved in unnecessary entanglements or when you are about to follow career paths that are unsuited to your character, by the uneasiness that you feel.
—Friedrich Nietzsche Keys to Human Nature In the world today, we humans face a particular predicament: As soon as our schooling ends, we suddenly find ourselves thrown into the work world, where people can be ruthless and the competition is fierce.
But such stability and help is hard to find today, as the world changes ever more quickly..
But by the law of diminishing returns, we need to continually find new and stronger forms of diversion—the latest trend in entertainment, travel to an exotic location, a new guru or cause to follow, addictions that are taken up and abandoned quickly, behaviors that are taken up and abandoned quickly, addictions of all kinds.
It is a natural reaction to having no idea what to do with our lives, but it is also a natural reaction to having no idea what to do with the world around us.
It is also a natural reaction to having no idea what to do with the world around us.. By bringing our uniqueness to flower in the course of our life, through our particular skills and the specific nature of our work, we contribute our share to this needed diversity.
Striving to connect to and cultivate this uniqueness provides us a path to follow, an internal guidance system through life.
We have a sense of direction, in the form of an overall career path that meshes with our particular inclinations.
When we take detours from our path or become involved in entanglements that distract us from our goals, we feel uncomfortable and quickly get back on course..
Think of it this way: In military history, we can identify two types of armies—those that fight for a cause or an idea, and those that fight largely for money, as part of a job.
We can say something similar about your life: operating with a high sense of purpose is a force multiplier.
Second, you must be able to see the world through the lens of a central idea and purpose.
You must be able to see the world through the lens of a central idea and purpose.
You must be able to see the world through the lens of a central idea and purpose.. You will face many enemies and obstacles impeding your progress—the distracting voices of others who criticize your work and your uniqueness; your own anxiety and frustrations with the work itself and your slow progress; the lack of trustworthy criticism from people to help you; the levels of boredom you must manage; and finally, the burnout that often accompanies focused labor over long periods.
You begin this strategy by looking for signs of primal inclinations in your earliest years, when they were often the subjects of natural curiosity.
You begin this strategy by looking for signs of primal inclinations in your earliest years, when they were often the subjects of natural curiosity..
If you are young and just starting out in your career, you will want to explore a relatively wide field related to your inclinations—for instance, if your affinity is words and writing, try all the different types of writing until you hit upon the right fit.
If you are older and have more experience, you will want to take the skills you have already developed and find a way to adapt them more in the direction of your true calling.
If you are young and just starting out in your career, you will want to explore a relatively wide field related to your inclinations—for instance, if your affinity is words and writing, try.
The psychologist Abraham Maslow, in his book, “The Psychology of Success,” wrote, “If you want to succeed in business, you have to have a sense of purpose.
If you want to succeed in business, you have to have a sense of purpose.
If you want to succeed in business, you have to have a sense of purpose.. For the time period that the actress Ingrid Bergman was engaged in a particular film project, she poured every ounce of her energy into it, and strove to create every ounce of her own purpose.
False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes False Purposes.
The pursuit of pleasure: For many of us, work is just an irritating necessity of life.
Reading a variety of books for entertainment, in rapid succession, leads to a diminishing sense of satisfaction with each book; our minds are overwhelmed and overstimulated; and we must reach for a new one right away..
If instead we relax and focus on other things, we are more likely to fall asleep or give a great talk or charm people.
It’s not that we don’t want to be famous, it’s that we don’t want to be famous, it’s that we don’t want to be famous, it’s that we don’t want to be famous, it’s that we don’t want to be famous, it’s that we don’t want to be famous, it’s that we don’t want to be famous, it’s that we don’t want to.
Fangpu and Jianhua, who had been classmates at YMS, had developed a close friendship, and Fangpu had become a close friend of Jianhua’s father, Mao Zedong, the founder of the People’s Republic of China (PRC).
Fangpu and Jianhua, who had been classmates at YMS, had developed a close friendship, and Fangpu had.
Within days, almost all of the walls of the school were covered with posters, and Secretary Ding roamed around the campus reading them, smiling and approving of the work.
Fangpu, however, was not only a veteran of the past but also a veteran of the revisionist movement, and he wanted Fangpu to become part of the new generation of China teachers.
He wanted Fangpu to become part of the new generation of China teachers..
He had read Mao’s description of how during the revolution in the 1940s peasants had captured the most notorious landlords and paraded them through their villages with enormous dunce caps on their heads and heavy wooden boards—with Mao describing their crimes—hung around their necks.
Imitating their revolutionary brothers and sisters in Beijing, the students initiated “struggle meetings” in which they forced certain teachers into the jet-plane position—a student standing on either side, pushing teachers to their knees, pulling their hair back with a jerk, then holding their arms out and back, like the wings of a jet plane.
The students were right in.
When it came time to form the committee to run the school, only a few remained to serve as chairman of the committee, and with Fangpu as the student leader, a little-known and rather harmless teacher named Deng Zeng was named chairman.
Fangpu and Mengzhe had joined forces to form the East-Red Corps, but they had not been able to take control of the school.
The East-Red Corps, however, had been able to take control of the school, and the Red Guards had been forced to leave..
Some joined the East-Is-Red Corps because it was larger and offered better positions; others joined the Red Rebels because they hated Fangpu and Little Bawang; and others thought one group or the other was more revolutionary.
The East-Is-Red Corps and the Red Rebels had been at war for a long time, and the East-Is-Red Corps had been in the middle of it all.
The East-Is-Red Corps and the Red Rebels had been at war for a long time, and the East-Is-Red Corps had been in the middle of it all.. Jianhua and several other comrades decided they would try to escape and regroup in the mountains, where Mengzhe had apparently fled, but there was a blockade throughout the county and they were forced back to school, which had become more of a prison, overseen by the East-Is-Red Corps.
Then one day, as the Red Rebel members on campus were huddled together in a room, the leaders of the East-Is-Red Corps, including Fangpu and Little Bawang, entered with barbed wire tied to their belts.
The former Red Rebels had been forced to wear their school uniforms, but they refused to come back to the school.
(After the Cultural Revolution, the author changed his name from Gao Jianhua to Gao Yuan.)
It is his nonfiction account of the events he participated in at his school during the Cultural Revolution.
As he explained it, “A clean sheet of paper has no blotches, and so the newest and most beautiful pictures can be painted on it.” To get his blank canvas, Mao would have to shake things up on a mass scale by uprooting old habits and ways of thinking and by eradicating people’s mindless respect for those in authority..
In the power vacuum that Mao had now created, another timeless group dynamic emerged: those who were naturally more assertive, aggressive, and even sadistic (in this case Fangpu and Little Bawang) pushed their way forward and assumed power, while those who were more passive (Jianhua, Zongwei) quietly receded into the background, becoming followers.
In the rival tribe, a new, charismatic leader (Mengzhe in this case) can assume power and members can identify more easily with the smaller number of comrades.
People may think they are joining because of the different ideas or goals of the two groups, but they are actually joining.
We tend to worry a lot about our status and where we rank in the hierarchy: “Am I getting as much respect as my colleagues?” This is the primate part of our nature, as we share this obsession with status with our relatives.
We tend to worry a lot about our status and where we rank in the hierarchy: “Am I getting as much respect as my colleagues?” This is the primate part of our nature, as we share this obsession with status with our relatives.. Let us call us this energy the social force, a type of invisible force field that affects and binds a group of people through shared sensations and creates an intense feeling of connection.
In these moments, we are aware that we don’t belong, that others are looking at us as outsiders, and from deep within we feel uneasy and unusually alert, although in fact we may have nothing really to fear.
We can observe several interesting elements to the social force: First, it exists inside us and outside us at the same time..
It is less intense than being in an actual crowd, but we can feel the presence of others in a phantom-like way through the screen (inside us and outside us), and we continually consult our smartphones as a kind of substitute pair of eyes upon us.
The social force among humans is merely a more complex version of what all social animals experience.
Social animals are continually attuned to the emotions of others within the group, aware of their role in the pack and anxious to fit in..
The Individual Effect The desire to fit in: Let us say that you enter a group, as part of a new job for instance.
The second and more important way you fit in is by adopting the ideas, beliefs, and values of the group.
You might have joined a group because you share their ideas and values, but you will find over time that the parts of your thinking that were a little different from others, reflecting your uniqueness issues, are slowly trimmed way, like a shrub made of thorns..
When we are alone, we are aware of our shifting moods, but the moment we enter the group and feel the eyes of others upon us, we become aware of unconscious levels of their moods and emotions, which, if strong enough, can displace our own.
In addition, among those whom we feel comfortable and sense that we belong to, we are less defensive and more vulnerable to the contagious effect.
The more people who feel it, the more others will catch it and the more intense it becomes within us as individuals.. Group Dynamics Since the beginning of recorded history, we can observe certain patterns that human groups fall into almost automatically, as if they were subject to particular mathematical or physical laws.
Group Dynamics Since the beginning of recorded history, we can observe certain patterns that human groups fall into almost automatically, as if they were subject to particular mathematical or physical laws.
Group Dynamics Since the beginning of recorded history, we can observe certain patterns that human groups fall into almost automatically, as if they were subject to particular mathematical or physical laws..
In the aristocratic court, the subordinate members depended on the king or queen’s favor to survive and thrive; the object of the game was to get closer to the man or woman on top without alienating the other courtiers, or to gang up and depose the leader, always a risky venture.
The group court: Observe any community of chimpanzees at the zoo, and you will notice the existence of an alpha male and other chimpanzees adapting their behavior to him, fawning, imitating, and struggling to forge closer ties.
In the aristocratic court, the subordinate members depended on the king or queen’s favor to survive and thrive;.
The basis for this fear may well have been real, but the existence of rival tribes also had a positive side effect—it united and tightened the group.
As Anton Chekhov once noted, “Love, friendship, respect do not unite people as much as common hatred for something.” Since time immemorial, leaders have exploited this enemy reflex for power, using the existence of the rival or enemy to justify almost anything and to splits from their own shortcomings.
In the end, the need to feel a part of the tribe and against the other side is more important than the actual differences, which tend to be greatly exaggerated..
It is not that you become self-absorbed or cut off from the group—outwardly you do what you can to fit in, but inwardly you exert a greater sense of reality, comparing them with your own, adapting parts or all of those that have merit and rejecting others that go against your experience.
It is not that you become self-absorbed or cut off from the group—outwardly you do what you can to fit in, but inwardly you exert a greater sense of reality, comparing them with your own, adapting parts or all of those that have merit and rejecting others that go against your experience..
The Court and Its Courtiers Any type of court obviously revolves around the leader, the courtiers’ power depending on the relative closeness of their relationship with this leader.
If we resented our parents in order to please them again in the court, we will tend to idealize those in power.
If we resented our parents in order to please them again in the court, we will tend to idealize those in power..
If you project jealousy and envy to the group, you can be sure they will take advantage of the situation to stir up resentment, stirring up trouble, or both.
If you project jealousy and envy to the group, you can be sure they will take advantage of the situation to stir up resentment, stirring up trouble, or both.. As Gatekeepers, they keep away irritating courtiers and buffer leaders from petty political struggles, which seems to make them quite useful.
In gaining such proximity, they also get to see the leaders’ dark sides and learn of their weaknesses; this unconsciously binds leaders even more tightly to Gatekeepers, whom they might fear alienating.
The Shadow Enabler: Leaders are often in a difficult position..
The Mirrorer: These types are often among the most successful courtiers of all, because they are capable of playing the double game to the hilt—they are adept at charming leaders and fellow courtiers, maintaining a broad base of support.
They are masters at reflecting back to people their own moods and ideas, making them feel validated without sensing the manipulation, as opposed to using overt flattery.
She knew he loved to hear stories, so any idea she presented to him she would present with some type of story line, and this would charm him.. What we need to do in order to avoid this dynamic is to focus on the strengths of the group, and not only do we want to change the culture of the group, but we also want to change the culture of the group.
If you want to change the culture of the group, you need to focus on the strengths of the group, and not only do we want to change the culture of the group, but we also want to change the culture of the group.. You need to keep reminding the group of its original purpose, adapting it as necessary but never drifting from this core.
You also need to keep reminding the group of its original purpose, adapting it as necessary but never drifting from this core.
You also need to keep reminding the group of its original purpose, adapting it as necessary but never drifting from this core..
He personally reviewed the concise reports sent to him by his field marshals, lieutenants, and others all the way down the chain of command, including even foot soldiers.
You also want to establish as much transparency as possible: when decisions are made, you share with the team how they came about and for what purpose.
You must work with human nature and turn this into a positive by infecting the group with the proper set of emotions.. Elizabeth would be executed by the Church of England in 1553, and her stepmother was executed on the streets of England—colorful tapestries were everywhere in the city, and Catholics were not amused by the spectacle of Elizabeth’s first marriage to Henry Tudor, but they were curious about her as a young woman who had wanted to succeed her father, but had not been able to.
—Friedrich Nietzsche 15 Make Them Want to Follow You The Law of Fickleness Although styles of leadership change with the times, one constant remains: people are always ambivalent about those in power.
They want to be led but also to feel free; they.
But as the procession moved along and various pageants were performed for her benefit, the English saw something they had never witnessed before or could even begin to imagine: the queen seemed to enjoy mingling with the crowds, tears filling her eyes as she listened attentively to the poorest of Londoners with their blessings and petitions for her reign.
Elizabeth, however, had not expected to be executed on the first day of her reign, since she had spent her formative years in the Tower of London, and she knew that Cecil’s first wife, Mary, would take over the reins of her beloved country; he had laid a plan for her to be executed as.
As part of his plan for the men to slowly take over power, he made sure that all correspondence from foreign governments would be first routed to his desk.
He got angry and accused her of undermining him in his work, but she stood her ground and had a very logical response: unlike Cecil, she spoke and read all of the major European languages and understood their nuances.. Over the years, however, one issue would continue to eat away at the people’s affection for the queen, and even made Cecil begin to doubt her competence: the fate of Mary, Queen of Scots, cousin to Elizabeth.
She was a fervent Catholic, and around her she would attract all those in England and abroad who wanted to depose Elizabeth and put a Catholic on the throne.
She was a fervent Catholic, and around her she would attract all those in England and abroad who wanted to depose Elizabeth and put a Catholic on the throne..
He would launch an invincible armada of some 130 ships, manned by over thirty thousand men.
They would easily destroy the English navy, link up with a large Spanish force in the Netherlands, cross the Channel, and sweep their way to London, where they would capture the Queen and put her on trial for the execution of Mary Queen of Scots; he would then put his own daughter on the throne of England.
The armada had left Spain utterly bankrupt, and in the years to come England would prosper while Spain became the second-rate power..
He felt humiliated by the position he was in, and by the end of the summer he had decided upon a plan that would put an end once and for all to his misery—he would secretly negotiate a truce with Tyrone, then return to England and march on London with his troops.
He would force the queen to get rid of his enemies within the court and secure his position as her lead councillor.
The queen had never forgiven him for his crimes before, and he wrote a letter to the queen asking for her forgiveness.. She would not be able to earn the trust of her subjects, and she would not be able to build her own credibility and authority.
She would not be able to earn the trust of her subjects, and she would not be able to build her own credibility and authority.
She would not be able to earn the trust of her subjects, and she would not be able to build her own credibility and authority.. Elizabeth had become somewhat entitled herself, feeling in this case that she knew better than her ministers and that her personal qualms about executing a fellow queen trumped everything else.
But when it came to her alliance with Spain, she knew it was necessary to get rid of Philip’s alliance with Spain, but she didn’t know how to get rid of Philip’s alliance with Spain.
She didn’t know how to get rid of Philip’s alliance with Spain, but she didn’t know how to get rid of Philip’s alliance with Spain.. We expect others to lead us toward our goals, but we must realize that we are not accountable for our own mistakes, and that we have no control over what others do.
We have come to take such powers for granted and expect everything in life to be so fast and easy.
We have come to take such powers for granted and expect everything in life to be so fast and easy.. —Xenophon Keys to Human Nature We humans like to believe that the emotions we experience are simple and pure: we love certain people and hate others, we respect and admire this individual and have nothing but disdainful disdain for another.
It is a fundamental fact of human nature that our emotions are almost always ambivalent, rarely pure and simple.
What we conveniently forget is that even with such parents we tended to feel resentful of our dependence on their love and care.. (See The Golden Bough, by James Frazer, for innumerable examples of this.)
Perhaps unconsciously our ancestors feared any one individual lasting long in power, because they sensed the corrupting aspect of power; and with someone new and fresh, they could control him better.
We shall call such power authority, reverting to the original meaning of the word, which comes from the Latin auctoritas, “to increase or augment the power of the people.” The word “auctoritas” comes from the Latin auctor, “to increase or augment the power of the people.” The word “auctoritas” comes from.
We must try as much as possible to engage people’s willpower, to make them identify with the group’s mission, to want to actively participate in realizing our higher purpose.
When it comes to our primary task—that of providing a vision for the group and leading it toward the appropriate goals—we must be stern and immovable.
If the leaders become pliant and plead for more support, the members feel even less respect, as if the group were now leading the leader..
If you are just starting out, sometimes this cannot be helped—people generally don’t respect the ideas of those lower down in the hierarchy; the same ideas promulgated by a boss would have a different effect.
Without authority in the group, we tend to lose sight of the fact that we are all in this together, that we are all in this together, that we are all in this together, that we are all in this together, that we are all in this together, that we are all in this together, that we are all in this together, that we are all in this together, that we are all in this together,.
To acknowledge people of authority in the world is not an admission of our own inferiority but rather an acceptance of human nature and the need for such figures.
They are not relics of the past but people who fulfill a necessary function and whose style adapts with the times.
They are not relics of the past but people who fulfill a necessary function and whose style adapts with the times..
In 401 BC, ten thousand Greek mercenary soldiers, fighting on behalf of the Persian prince Darius in his attempt to take over the empire from the king, his brother, suddenly found themselves on the losing side of the battle, and now trapped deep in the heart of Persia.
He thought ahead—of the terrain, the route to take, the many enemies they would face, how they could help and use citizens who revolted against the Persians.
He saw them getting rid of their wagons, and he saw the Persians getting rid of their horses, and he saw the Persians getting rid of their horses, and he saw the Persians.
(See the next section for more on this.)
If you want to be a good leader, you need to be a good leader.
If you want to be a good leader, you need to be a good leader..
In the moment, it might feel good to let them hear of the great things you will do for them, but people generally have an acute memory for promises, and if you fail to deliver, it will stick in their mind, even if you try to blame others or circumstances.
The first step is to become aware of this when we think of ourselves as younger, or when we try to become more sensitive to our lower selves.
The second step is to become aware of this when we think of ourselves as younger, or when we try to become more sensitive to our lower selves.. You are here not merely to gratify your impulses and consume what others have made but to make and contribute to your life as well, to serve a higher purpose.
You are here not merely to gratify your impulses and consume what others have made but to make and contribute to your life as well, to serve a higher purpose.
You are here not merely to gratify your impulses and consume what others have made but to make and contribute to your life as well, to serve a higher purpose..
The select man, the excellent man is urged, by interior necessity, to appeal from himself to some standard beyond himself, superior to himself, whose service he freely accepts.
Clark, a twenty-eight-year-old Englishman living in Cleveland, Ohio, made the most important decision yet in his young life: he would quit his comfortable job as a high-level buyer and seller for a produce firm and start his own business in the same line.
Clark, a twenty-eight-year-old Englishman living in Cleveland, Ohio, made the most important decision yet in his young life: he would quit his comfortable job as a high-.
Clark’s brother James, who worked in the office, dubbed him “the Sunday-school superintendent.” Slowly Clark began to see Rockefeller as too dull and dreary to be one of the faces of the company.
Clark’s brother James, who worked in the office, dubbed him “the Sunday-school superintendent.” Slowly Clark began to see Rockefeller as too dull and dreary to be one of the faces of the company..
The price kept ticking upward, and finally Rockefeller bid $72,500, a rather ridiculous and shocking price to pay, a sum that Clark could not possibly afford.
In the months to come, however, Maurice Clark began to reassess what had happened: he started to have the uneasy feeling that Rockefeller had been planning this for months, perhaps more than a year.
* Rockefeller’s father, John D., was one of the richest men in the United States, and his father had been one of the richest men in the world.
Rockefeller’s father, John D., was one of the richest men in the United States..
The Massacre, he explained, was the first rumor that he had ever sold out of the Cleveland refinery; it seemed to be the first rumor that he had ever sold out of the Cleveland refinery.
His pitch was ever so slightly more ominous than what he had delivered to Payne: the business was too big unpredictable; Cleveland was farther away from the oil-producing towns, and the refiners had to pay more for crude oil to be shipped there; they were at a continual disadvantage; with the prices of oil continuing to fluctuate, many of them would go bust; Rockefeller was going to consolidate them and give Cleveland some leverage with the railroads; he was.
He built up a whole series of pipelines throughout Pennsylvania and had gained control of several railroads that helped ship the oil the rest of the way to the East Coast, giving him his own transportation networks.
He would ramp up the construction of new pipelines and purchase new refineries that sprang up, creating his own rival network, ensuring his railroad enough business to check Rockefeller’s progress, then work to weaken him further.
But as it became clear what he was up to, Rockefeller’s response was totally unexpected and rather shocking: Standard Oil shut down almost all its Pennsylvania refineries, giving Scott’s pipelines and railroads virtually no oil to ship..
This meant Tidewater would have to pass through the hillier and even mountainous areas farther north in Pennsylvania, making the route more circuitous and the job more expensive.
Benson did what he could to fight back and buy his own land, but rumors began to spread among the farmers in the area of the danger if they sold parts of their land to Tidewater—being so long, the pipeline would be subject to leaks that could ruin their crops..
He found himself pushed to ever-smaller towns farther south, but once again there were the Standard Oil men blocking his way, and soon he could not sell a drop of oil.
But when he managed to sell a mere seventy barrels of kerosene to a retailer in Louisville, suddenly he learned that the railroad that had agreed, while he was on the road, to ship his oil to him now refused to carry his product.
He was by far the wealthiest man in the world, the first billionaire on the planet, but the stories of the way he had conducted his battles and the monopoly he had forged made them wonder about his character..
He could not live with the thought that what drove his actions was a desire to control people and acquire the vast sums of money necessary for such a purpose.
He could not live with the thought that what drove his actions was a desire to control people and acquire the vast sums of money necessary for such a purpose..
When it came to Scott, Rockefeller saw him as a hothead, enraged by Standard Oil’s threat to his preeminent position in business.
And the angrier he made Scott with his unorthodox tactics, the more imprudent and rash Scott became, going so far as to try to crush the railroad strike, which only made his position weaker.
With Benson, Rockefeller recognized the type—the man enamored with his own brilliance and wanting attention as the first one to defeat Standard Oil..
But you must calculate instead what you have to lose in the long term—decreasing options for power and expansion in your own field, once they assume a dominating position; your own dignity and sense of self-worth by not standing up to them.
—Sigmund Freud Keys to Human Nature We like to think of ourselves as relatively peaceful and agreeable members of society.
—Sigmund Freud Keys to Human Nature We like to think of ourselves as relatively peaceful and agreeable members of society..
The Latin root of the word aggression means “to step forward,” and when we assert ourselves in this world and try to create or change anything, we are tapping into this energy.
We have a powerful block against imagining any kind of continuum or spectrum when it comes to our own aggressive moments and those of the more extreme variety in others.
We have a powerful block against imagining any kind of continuum or spectrum when it comes to our own aggressive moments and those of the more extreme variety in others.. (Feelings of love often turn to hostility and aggression in people, because it is in love that we feel most dependent, vulnerable, and helpless.)
In these cases, our hunger for more money, power, love, or attention overwhelms any patience we might have had.
We scurry back to within the guardrails, to our normal ways of trying for power and control..
In any event, we must always be aware that the chronic aggressor is more thin-skinned than we are, and if we know we are dealing with this type, we must be particularly careful to not inadvertently trigger their rage response by challenging their self-esteem or criticizing them.
(Certainly the thrill of getting easy money, whether as Wall Street brokers peddling dubious investments or as criminals stealing what they can, has an immensely addictive quality.)
At first glance, this might seem self-destructive, as each aggressive outburst creates more enemies and unintended consequences.. You need to admit to yourself that you have a deep desire to have an effect on people, to have power, and to realize this you must develop higher social and technical skills, must become more patient and resilient.
(For more on this, see the last section of this chapter.)
Your second task is to make yourself a master observer of aggression in the people around you.
When you look at your work world, for instance, imagine that you can visualize the continual war between people’s different levels of will, and all of the intersecting arrows of such conflicts.
If you stop focusing on people’s words and their nonverbal cues,.
The other myth, however, is that we are currently more aggressive in our society than we were centuries ago, and the fact that humanity has become more peaceful and egalitarian in recent times is only evidence of the growing power of our ancestors in the past.
The first myth is that we are currently more aggressive in our society than we were centuries ago, and the fact that humanity has become more peaceful and egalitarian in recent times is only evidence of the growing power of our ancestors in the past.
The other myth is that we are currently more aggressive in our society than we were centuries ago, and the fact that humanity has become more peaceful and egalitarian in.
(We can also see an increasingly aggressive edge to our humor.)
With technology, it has become easier to express and satisfy our aggressive desires.
With technology, it has become easier to express and satisfy our aggressive desires..
It is not their fault, they say—they have too much on their mind, people are pressuring them, they are temperamental artists who can’t keep on top of so many irritating details, they are overwhelmed.
The Subtle-Superiority Strategy: A friend, colleague, or employee is chronically late, but he or she always has a ready excuse that is logical, along with an apology that seems sincere.
If this is chronic behavior, you must not get angry or display overt irritation—passive aggressors thrive on getting a rise out of you..
In fact, you can’t really be sure if they’re upset with you, but you find yourself trying to please them nonetheless, and slowly, without really noticing it, the dynamic is reversed, and the displays of sympathy and concern seem to shift from them to you.
The Dependency Strategy: You are suddenly befriended by someone who is unusually attentive and concerned for your welfare.
The Dependency Strategy: You are suddenly befriended by someone who is unusually attentive and concerned for your welfare..
In defending Danton, Robespierre carefully repeated all of the various charges leveled against him in great detail, then concluded, “I may be wrong about Danton, but, as a family man, he deserves nothing but praise.” As a variation on this, people may say some rather harsh things about you, and if you seem upset, they will say they were kidding: “Can’t you take a joke?” They may interpret things you have said in a slightly negative light, and if you call them on this, they will innocently reply, “But I’m only repeating what you said.” They may use these in.
This strategy is generally used by those in power on their underlings, but it could be applied by people in relationships, one partner tyrannizing the other by simply being impossible to please.
The strategy is based on the following logic: If the person you are working for is a tyrant, he or she will try to get you to do what he or she wants.
If the person you are working for is a tyrant, he or she will try to get you to do what he or she wants.. (Children can often be bold in what they ask for.)
It made us open to the world and to new experiences.
As we get older and we encounter mounting frustrations, resistance from others, and impatience for power, some among us may become chronically aggressive.
But another phenomenon is even more common: we become uncomfortable with and even frightened of that assertive energy within, and our own potential for aggressive behavior.
In the end, the internal saboteur works to lower our energy and constrain what we do, making our world more manageable and predictable but also quite dead.. Not sure of what exactly they want, they cannot put a limit to their desires, and although it is not the case in every instance, this can lead them to aggressive behavior, as they continually want more and don’t know when to stop.
You want to write a particular book, expressing some deeply held ideas or emotions; you want to start the kind of business that has always excited you; you want to create a cultural or political movement to address a particular cause.
This is often what happens later in life when we face a problem or some resistance: We summon up the energy to attack the problem, but in the back of our.
You might call people on their passive-aggressive behavior, or not be so timid in expressing an opinion that they may not share or in telling them what you really think of their bad ideas.
Anger: It is natural and healthy for you to feel anger at certain types of people—those who unfairly block your advancement, the many fools who have power but are lazy and incompetent, the sanctimonious critics who espouse their clichés with so much conviction and attack you without understanding your views.
If you feel that you are not being treated fairly, or that you are being treated unfairly, or that you are being treated unfairly, or that you are.
The Rising Tide On May 10, 1774, sixty-four-year-old King Louis XV of France died, and though the country went into the requisite mourning for its king, many French people felt a sense of relief.
And so it was with great hope and affection that the French people turned to their new ruler, King Louis XVI, the grandson of the deceased king, who was a mere twenty years old at the time.
And so it was with great hope and affection that the French people turned to their new ruler, King Louis XVI, the grandson of the deceased king, who was a mere twenty years old at the time..
He had told his friends, “I want to see how a king is made.” And so he had snuck off to Reims the day before the coronation and had arrived just in time.
He had told his friends, “I want to see how a king is made.” And so he had snuck off to Reims the day before the coronation and had arrived just in time..
It was located near his apartment, so he began to spend a great part of his day there, and soon he was participating in the raucous debates about the future of France that took place at the club.
It was located near his apartment, so he began to spend a great part of his day there, and soon he was participating in the raucous debates about the future of France that took place at the club.. Amid the grandeur and all the symbols of the French monarchy, the members of the Third Estate could not help but think of what Louis XIV, the builder of Versailles, had created and how much they owed the monarchy for transforming France into a great power.
In mid-September, the members of the Third Estate quickly voted to eliminate all the royal trappings of the palace, and the soldiers who had been loyal to the king in the past few months became terrified of what the king could do now.
The French people had been terrified of what the king could do now, and the soldiers who had been loyal to the king in the past few months became.
He was transfixed by the man’s enormous head, by the strange outfit he wore (black satin breeches over white silk stockings, a mix of fashion styles Louis had never seen before), and by his whole manner, his fast way of talking, the lack of awe and respect in the king’s presence.
* — During the summer of 1789, Danton had become a member of the King’s Council, and he insisted that the people were grateful for his submission to their will and that there was still an important part for him to play as a monarch who swore allegiance to a new constitution.
He was transfixed by the man’s.
The men from Marseilles, enthused by Danton’s calls for a republic, placed themselves under his charge, and throughout June and July they marched through Paris singing hymns to the revolution and spreading Danton’s demand for the formation of a republic.
Its members now voted to lift the blockade on the various bridges of Paris leading to the Tuileries from the Left Bank, effectively ending any protection for the royal family, as crowds could now march straight to the palace.
On the morning of August 10, alarm bells rang throughout the city, and accompanied by a steady drumbeat, a large contingent of sans-culottes marched across.
* * * — As the leader of the French Revolution, Danton now faced two rather daunting forces: the invading armies that kept pressing closer to Paris and the restiveness of the French citizens, many of whom clamored for revenge on the aristocracy and all counterrevolutionaries.
To meet the enemy armies, Danton unleashed an enormous citizen army of millions that he had created, and in the first few months of battle these new French forces turned the tide of the war.
The tribunal initiated what would become known as the Terror, as it sent thousands of suspects to the guillotine, often on the flimsiest of charges.. * * • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •.
In the 1780s he began to realize that he was not the only one who wanted to change the way things were done in France, and that he was not the only one who wanted to change the way things were done in France.
In the 1780s he began to realize that he was not the only one who wanted to change the way things were done in France.
In the 1780s he began to realize that he was not the only one who wanted to change the way things were done in France, and that he was not the only one who wanted to change the way things were done in France..
In this one instance, his sense of timing was off, as he moved on this intuition at least several months in advance of the public, giving his enemies and rivals an opening to get rid of him.
Understand: You might see King Louis XVI as an extreme example of someone out of tune with the times, not particularly relevant to your own life, but in fact he is much closer to you than you think.
When you look at the world around you, it seems pretty much as it appeared a day or a week or a month or even a year ago.
When this occurs, some people will feel, like the king, profoundly uncomfortable.
(We can name several other categories of changes in style, but in the end they are limited in number, and they seem to come in waves or patterns that are detectable over the course of several decades or centuries.
We can notice a similar back-and-forth change in theorizing style—from the sober and sober-looking to the sober and sober-looking to the sober and sober-looking to the sober and sober-looking to the sober and sober-looking to the sober and sober-looking to the sober and sober-looking to the sober and sober-looking to the sober and sober-looking to the sober and sober.
We can make better sense of the underlying changes going on in all areas of society and begin to surmise where the world is headed, to anticipate future trends, and to understand the role we can play in shaping events.
To attain it, first we must understand the actual profound effect that our generation has on how we view the world, and second we must understand the larger generational patterns that shape history and recognize where our time period fits into the overall scheme.
As we become a few years older, we become aware of our peers, those more or less of the same age, going through the same process of assimilating this strange new world.
It will never be what youth used to be, and it will never be able to preserve our culture.” We find similar complaints in all cultures and in all time periods.)
We think we are judging the younger generation in an objective manner, but we are merely succumbing to an illusion of perspective.
But, in terms of the past, we tend to think in the twenty-first century that the world is moving downhill fast, the values we found so important no longer mattering to this youthful set..
If our generation has a particular spirit to it, we could say the same for the time period that we are living through, which generally comprises four generations alive at the same time.
The blending of these generations, the tension among them, and the clashing that often occurs create what we shall call the overall spirit of the times or what is commonly known as the zeitgeist.
What you want to do is to be able to gauge the spirit of the present moment, with a similar sense of distance, and to see where your generation fits into the overall scheme of history, giving you a sense of where things might be headed..
But as this crisis period fades and begins to merge into the revolutionary period, we often detect rising levels of excitement, as those who are young and particularly hungry for something new can sense the changes coming that they have set up in their own way.
We can deduce two important lessons from this: First, our values will often depend upon where we fall in this pattern and how our generation reacts against the particular imbalances of the previous generation.. You can begin this by looking at the decisive events that occurred in the years before you entered the work world and that played a large role in shaping this personality.
If this period comprises more than just one decisive event for that period.. Do not take these trends at face value, but look for the underlying spirit, the unconscious attraction toward certain values or ideals that they reveal.
In looking at this shadow side of your generation, keep in mind that its tendency toward one extreme—materialism, spirituality, adventure, safety—conceals a hidden attraction to the opposite.
But underneath this spirit, we could detect a secret attraction to the material side of life, in the desire to always have the best of something—the latest sound systems, the highest-quality drugs, the hippest clothes..
This means that people of one generation will often have more in common with those of the same generation in other cultures than with older generations in their own country.
You may feel a deep need to create something new and more relevant to your generation, but the past will almost always exercise a strong pull on you, in the form of the values of your parents that you internalized at a young age.. By bringing to life the spirit of your early years—its humor, its decisive historical events, the styles and products of the period, the imparting feeling in the air as it affected you—you will reach a vast audience of all those who experienced those years in a similar way.
You organize a group around new ideas or values that are in the air or the latest technology that allows you to bring people together of a like mind in a novel way.. What you want is to modernize your spirit, to possibly adopt some of the values and ideas of the younger generation that appeal to you, gaining a new and wider audience by blending your experience and perspective with the changes going on, making yourself into an unusual and appealing hybrid.
We are born into a period of history and into a generation that seems to have no idea what it is like to live in the present.
We are born into a period of history and into a generation that seems to have no idea what it is like to live in the present.. We can consciously develop more of that inner distance that comes naturally with the years, think more deeply about our experiences, learn the lessons from them, and develop a premature wisdom.
You have the power, however, to drop or mitigate the negative qualities that often go with certain phases of life, in a way defying the aging process itself.
We can consciously develop more of that inner distance that comes naturally with the years, think more deeply about our experiences, learn the lessons from them, and develop a premature wisdom..
Whenever we see people who completely sacrifice everything for some cause, they are reliving a shift in values initiated by the early Christians of the first century, who revolutionized our way of thinking by devoting all aspects of life to some ideal.
Whenever we fall in love and idealize the beloved, we are reliving the emotions that the troubadours of the twelfth century introduced into the Western world, a sentiment that had never existed before.
You must radically alter your own relationship to history, bringing it back to life within you..
The Bullet in the Side As a child growing up in Savannah, Georgia, Mary Flannery O’Connor (1925–1964) felt a strange and powerful connection to her father, Edward.
The Bullet in the Side Mary Flannery O’Connor (1925–1964) felt a strange and powerful connection to her father, Edward.
The Bullet in the Side Mary Flannery O’Connor (1925–1964) felt a strange and powerful connection to her father, Edward.. A sense of the dramatic, of the tragic, of the infinite, has descended upon us, filling us with grief, but even above grief, wonder.” She felt as if a part of her had died with her father, so enmeshed had they been in each other’s lives.
She was told in December of 1949 she had been admitted to a hospital in New York, where she was diagnosed with a new kind of rheumatoid arthritis, which doctors had already diagnosed her with a few months before, but she had decided to return to her home in Milledgeville, Georgia, where she had lived since she was a little girl..
The doctors seemed to think she could live a normal length of life thanks to this new miracle drug, but Flannery did not share their confidence, experiencing firsthand the many adverse side effects and wondering how long her body could endure them.
But she would not write about her illness in this way, she would have more time to focus on her writing, and she would be able to hear the voices of her friends and acquaintances more closely than she had ever been able to hear them before.
She would be able to hear the voices of her friends and acquaintances more closely than she had ever been able to hear them before.. She gave him in the spring of 1953 a copy of her best-selling novel, Wise Blood, and he began to write his own stories, which he would publish in the fall of 1953.
In the fall of 1953, he published his first book of short stories, called “The Good Life,” which was a collection of short stories that he had written in the spring of 1953.
In the fall of 1953, he published his first book of short stories, called “The Good Life,” which was a collection of short stories that he had written in the spring of 1953.. (Normally she was a careful writer who put stories through several drafts.)
She called it “Good Country People.” One of the characters is a cynical young woman with a wooden leg.
By April she felt his absence rather keenly and wrote to him, “I feel like if you were here we could talk about a million things without stopping.” But the day after she mailed this she received a letter from him announcing his engagement to a Danish woman, and he told her of their plans to return to the States, where he would take up his old job.. * * * • • • Interpretation: In the years after the onset of lupus, Flannery O’Connor noticed a peculiar phenomenon: In her interactions with friends, visitors, and correspondents, she often found herself playing the role of the adviser, giving people guidance on how to live, where to put their energies, how to remain calm amid difficulties and have a sense of purpose.
* * * • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •.
In fact, by having her mortality so present and palpable, she had an advantage over us—she was compelled to confront death and make use of her awareness of it.
And then, when reality hits us, when we perhaps receive our own bullet in the side in the form of an unexpected crisis in our career, or a painful breakup in a relationship, or the death of someone close, or even our own life-threatening illness—we are not usually prepared to handle it.
We need to stop feeling superior and special, seeing that death is a fate shared by us all and something that should bind us in a deeply empathetic way.. We may even feel some anger that life simply goes on for other people, that they are oblivious to the reality of death that has suddenly struck us.
Furthermore, in the past, we have seen ourselves with heightened fears of death, but in the present we have seen ourselves with heightened fears of life.
In the past, we have seen ourselves with heightened fears of death, but in the present we have seen ourselves with heightened fears of life.
In the past, we have seen ourselves with heightened fears of death, but in the present we have seen ourselves with heightened fears of life.. We can describe the contrast between life and death in the following manner: Death is absolute stillness, without movement or change except within decay.
On the other hand, the familiarity and closeness it is adopting toward the thought of it has the paradoxical effect of making us feel more alive, as the story of Flannery O’Connor illustrates.
We can describe the contrast between life and death in the following manner: Death is absolute stillness, without movement or change except within decay.
We can describe the contrast between life and death in the following manner: Death is absolute stillness, without movement or change except within decay..
This focuses the mind to a much higher level and we notice new details, see people’s faces in a new light, and sense the impermanence in everything around us, deepening our emotional responses.
For Japanese samurai warriors, the center of our most sensitive nerves and our connection to life was in the gut, the viscera; it was also the center of our connection to death, and they meditated on this sensation as deeply as possible, to create physical death awareness.. As the plague raged, the narrator of the book notices a peculiar phenomenon: people tend to feel much greater levels of empathy toward their fellow Londoners than they do toward themselves.
The narrator of A Journal of the Plague Year, Daniel Defoe, writes in his book, A Journal of the Plague Year, that people tend to feel much greater levels of empathy toward their fellow Londoners than they do toward themselves.
The narrator of A Journal of the Plague Year, Daniel Defoe, writes in his book, A Journal of the Plague Year, that people tend to feel much greater levels of empathy toward their fellow Londoners than they do toward themselves..
The more we can create this visceral connection to people through our common mortality, the better we are able to handle human nature in all its varieties with tolerance and grace.
In fact, seeing the mortality and vulnerability in even the nastiest individual can help us cut them down to size and deal with them from a more neutral and strategic space, not taking their nastiness personally.
In fact, seeing the mortality and vulnerability in even the nastiest individual can help us cut them down to size and deal with them from a more neutral and strategic space, not taking their nastiness personally..
This confrontation with something we cannot know or verbalize is what we shall call the Sublime, whose Latin root means “up to the threshold.” The Sublime is anything that exceeds our capacity for words or concepts by being too large, too vast, too dark and mysterious.
We can encounter the Sublime by thinking about the origin of life on earth, how many billions of years ago this occurred, perhaps at some particular moment, and how unlikely it was, considering the thousands of factors that had to converge for the experiment of life to begin on this planet.
If that more-than-likely event had happened—as it had occurred for so many species,.
I would like to thank my agent, Michael Carlisle of Inkwell Management, master of human nature, for all his invaluable advice and assistance on the project.
I have many people to thank at Penguin, most important of all my editor, Andrea Schulz, for all her much appreciated work on the text, and our numerous conversations in which she helped sharpen the concept and share with me her own insights on human nature.
I would also like to thank Andrea’s assistant, Emily Neuberger; the designer of the cover Colin Webber; in the marketing department, Kate Stark and Mary Stone; and Carolyn Coleburn and Shannon Twomey for their work on.
In this article, I will present the results of a study conducted in the United States by the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and the University of California, San Diego (UCSD).
The study was conducted in order to investigate the relationship between a person’s self-esteem and his or her self-image.
The study was conducted in order to investigate the relationship.
New York: Simon & Schuster, 2004.
New York: Simon & Schuster, 2004..  ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ .. 5, 135 Change (Watzlawick, Weakland, and Fisch), 197 Chaplin, Charlie, 255 character, 7–8, 111–12 awareness and covering up of flaws in, 113, 114 brain and, 112, 113, 127 childhood attachment pattern and, 112–13 conflicting traits, 114 etymology of word, 111 examining and shaping your own, 114, 128, 129–30 genetic component of, 112 habits and, 102, 113, 114, 127 indicators of, 115–21 positive traits, 113 power and 254, 117 strength of, 102–30 superior, 127 toxic types of, see toxic types Charles II, Archduke.
⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇   ⁇ .. Generalities, 457, 459, 466–69 Cecil and, 440–44 Essex and, 446–49, 452–53 Mary, Queen of Scots and, 445, 451 Philip II and, 168, 442, 444–46, 451–52 Ellington, Duke, 332 Elusive Woman of Perfection.
free/autonomous attachment pattern, 112 Freemasons, 533, 553 Freud, Sigmund, 244, 318, 343, 491 functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), 141 gains, sudden, 34 Gandhi, Indira, 312 Gandhi, Mahatma, 358, 360 Gao Yuan (Gao Jianhua), 391–402, 404, 405 Gardner, Howard, 379 Gatekeeper, 315 427 Gay, John, 153 gender projections, 339, 340–48 Devilish Romantic, 341–42 Elusive Woman of Perfection, 342–43 Fallen Woman, 344–46 Lovable Rebel, 344 Superior Man.
H., 90 Hester, Betty, 568 Hewitt, Isaac, 479–80 Hewitt and Tuttle, 474 Hillary, Edmund, 70 Hiss, Alger, 234ht history, 559, 561 Hitchcock, Jr., Alfred 469, 555 Hitler, Adolf, 56 Hoffer, Eric, 407 Hogg, Thomas, 265–68, 270 Hollywood, 313–14, 417, 419, 138, 142, 187, 187, 187, 187.. D., 367 King, Coretta Scott, 1–31, 359, 361, 362 King, Martin Luther, Jr., 356–70, 376, 379, 387, 457–59, 407 467, 573 assassination of, 367 King, Martin Luther, Sr.. Lustig, Victor, 96 Lynch, David, 463 MacArthur, Douglas, 176, 314, 315 Machiavellianism, 100, 195, 247 Madoff, Bernie, 96 Magruder, Jeb, 117 Mailer, Norman, 236, 260 maker’s mind-set, 37–38 Malcolm X, 226, 517 Mao Zedong, 306, 315, 392–406, 420 Marcus Aurelius, 37 Marguerite de Valois, 37 Marie Antoinette, 518–19, 521, 522, 525, 532 Marriage of Figaro, The (Beaumarchais), 193–94 Martin, Billy, 249 Marx, Karl.
talent, 195–96 envy and, 275–77, 284 presence, 131 balancing attitude absence with, 99–100, 467–68 present circumstances, 150, 157–59, 169–71 Price, Ray, 238 primal inclinations, 374, 378–79 prioritizing, 471, 163–82 projection gender, see gender projections of Shadow, 246 promises, 468–69, 507 430, Marcel, 333, 345 psychiatry, 75 psychoanalysis, 538 psychosomatic maladies, 94, 220 Punching Bag, 326–31 purpose, sense of, 356–90 absorbing purposeful energy, 382 creating.
⁇  Copyright (c) The Vancouver Sun E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article.
Hyde, The (Stevenson), 248 stress, 372–73, 375–76 relationships in handling of, 112–13 rising pressure, 34–35 strongman, 462 Sublime, 319,584–86 submission/dominance cues, 86, 91–95, 100 Subtle-Superiority Strategy, 504–521 success envy and, 283–84 pursuit of, 387–88 sudden, 34, 283 Suetonius, 223 superiority bias, 31–32 Subtle-Superiority Strategy, 504–5 Superior Man, 346–47 Surin, Jean-Joseph, 60–62 Swann’s Way
